#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/epgs/daddylive-channels-epg.xml"ا
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="M+.Vamos.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/vamos.png" group-title="SPAIN",#Vamos Spain
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="20(Italian).it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/20mediaset.png" group-title="ITALY",20 Mediaset Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="3sat.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/3sat.png" group-title="GERMANY",3sat DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="5.USA.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/5-usa.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",5 USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="6eren.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/6eren.png" group-title="DENMARK",6'eren Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/a-sport-pk.png" group-title="PAKISTAN",A Sport PK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="A.and.E.US.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/aande.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",A&E USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ABC.(WABC).New.York,.NY.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/abc.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ABC USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ABC.(WABC).New.York,.NY.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/abc.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ABCNY USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ACC.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/acc-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ACC Network USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AMC.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/amc.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",AMC USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AXN.Movies.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/axn-movies.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",AXN Movies Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AXS.TV.USA.HD.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/axs-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",AXS TV USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFAGxQQFRUQFhRCEGlpElZTUWNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxuDwd2DwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm4PBXRucXEGDgp0DlZTU24OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/abu-dhabi-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 Premium
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/abu-dhabi-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 UAE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/abu-dhabi-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 Premium
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/abu-dhabi-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 UAE
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AdultSwim.com.Cartoon.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/adult-swim.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Adult Swim
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/alkass-four.png" group-title="QATAR",Alkass Four
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFADwwCdHYQRXB0cxBpaxBWV1FhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxWV1NsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/alkass-one.png" group-title="QATAR",Alkass One
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/alkass-three.png" group-title="QATAR",Alkass Three
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/alkass-two.png" group-title="QATAR",Alkass Two
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Altitude.Sports.-.Denver.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/altitude-sports.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Altitude Sports
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="American.Heroes.Channel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/american-heroes-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",American Heroes Channel
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Animal.Planet.US.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/animal-planet.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Animal Planet
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Antena.3.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/antena-3.png" group-title="SPAIN",Antena 3 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-1.png" group-title="BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA",Arena Sport 1 BiH
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arena.Sport.1.HD.hr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-1.png" group-title="CROATIA",Arena Sport 1 Croatia
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-1-premium.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 1 Premium
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-1.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 1 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arena.Sport.2.HD.hr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-2.png" group-title="CROATIA",Arena Sport 2 Croatia
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-2-premium.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 2 Premium
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-2.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 2 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arena.Sport.3.HD.hr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-3.png" group-title="CROATIA",Arena Sport 3 Croatia
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-3-premium.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 3 Premium
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-3.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 3 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFAcQYPAhIUcXBxdRBSEhQGcwEKAhBraRBTUFBhaxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubnoKDwUNBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bngKDQVucXEGDgp0DlNSUm4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arena.Sport.4.HD.hr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-4.png" group-title="CROATIA",Arena Sport 4 Croatia
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arena-sport-4.png" group-title="SERBIA",Arena Sport 4 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ARTE.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/arte.png" group-title="GERMANY",Arte DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Astro.Cricket.my" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/astro-cricket.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",Astro Cricket
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/astro-supersport-1.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",Astro SuperSport 1
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/astro-supersport-2.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",Astro SuperSport 2
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/astro-supersport-3.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",Astro SuperSport 3
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/astro-supersport-4.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",Astro SuperSport 4
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Azteca.(XHOR).mx" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/azteca-7.png" group-title="MEXICO",Azteca 7 MX
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBC.One.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-1.png" group-title="GERMANY",BBC 1 DE
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBC.America.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-america.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",BBC America (BBCA)
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBC.Four.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-four.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",BBC Four UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFBQ0IQRXJ2cxAUShBpaxBSVFphaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxSVFhsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBC.World.News.North.America.(BBCWN).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-news.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",BBC News Channel HD
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBCOne.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-one.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",BBC One UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBC.Three.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-three.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",BBC Three UK
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBC.Two.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bbc-two.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",BBC Two UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BET.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-shoxbet-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",BET USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Big.Ten.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/big-ten-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",BIG TEN Network (BTN USA)
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BNT.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bnt-1.png" group-title="BULGARIA",BNT 1 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BNT2(src01).bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bnt-2.png" group-title="BULGARIA",BNT 2 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BNT.3.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bnt-3.png" group-title="BULGARIA",BNT 3 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bandsports.HD.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/band-sports.png" group-title="BRAZIL",Bandsports Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BarcaTV(Catalan).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/barca-tv.png" group-title="SPAIN",Barca TV Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-6.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",BeIN SPORTS USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFBBEhNEBYRThMXFBAWFkAQaWsQU1FWYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxTUVRsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-hd.png" group-title="QATAR",BeIN Sports HD Qatar
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BenficaTVMulticamaras(src01).pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/benfica-tv.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Benfica TV PT
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFBBA8HCgYCEBUVEBEVEmlpEFBXb2FpEGF0d3MGAgwAdnMPYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5sBXAMDnBQDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFcAwOcFBuc3MGDgh2DlJVb24Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Boomerang.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/boomerang.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Boomerang
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bravo.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bravo.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Bravo USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="C.More.Fotboll.se" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/c-more.png" group-title="SWEDEN",C More Football Sweden
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="C.More.Hits.se" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/c-more.png" group-title="SWEDEN",C More Hits Sweden
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="C.More.Series.se" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/c-more.png" group-title="SWEDEN",C More Series Sweden
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="C-SPAN.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/c-span-1.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",C SPAN 1
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCEhQRQE8QUBBraRBWVm9haxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubnoKDwUNBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bngKDQVucXEGDgp0DlZUbW4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.MOTOGP.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus.png" group-title="FRANCE",CANAL+ MotoGP France
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.Sport.5.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-5.png" group-title="POLAND",CANAL+ SPORT 5 Poland
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCQk1AS2gQFBFMExUQVhARcA8CDwUSaWkQVFRhaxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubnoKDwUNBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bngKDQVucXEGDgp0DlZUbA5wD3JtDlJ0V2FrEmEJBgAFBnN2YVkQfmEWdARzbEAKBg91Y1kQYU5wewoPDQJuVm1vEGUKEQlyDwZaEkIRFhIKEQlyDwYQTBQQUFQAVhAPCgwGEkwCBBJOFBAbaBBAc3ENBhoGA0oIdW5VbVRtUG9QVBBlSkcVTktrEA8KDAYSRgYEDnBoEBUGc3QIcA9uUldtbxJMcAMIDQZuUlREUFFXEBQABwJzCG5Vb1FtUGFpEGFOcQoICg1hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e2FpEGETBAcGcwRzYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entsYX5rEmFwDw96AHFxcHl6AgwGenZhWRB3c3YGaRBhcXFweXpjWRAPdA0Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Canal9.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal9.png" group-title="DENMARK",CANAL9 Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCQk1AS1oQQwYNDgJzDhBpaRJXb1RjaxBhdnVzBgAOAHZxDWFZEmEJdXdxdFlsbgVwDgxwUA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuBXAODHBQbHFzBgwKdg5Vb1RuDHAPcG8OUnZVYWsQYwkGAgcGc3RjWRB8YxZ0BnFsQAgED3VhWxBhTHJ7Cg0PAm5Ub28QZwgRCXANBloQQBEWEAgRCXANBhBOFhBQVgJWEA0IDAYQTgIEEEwUEBlqEEBxcw0GGAQDSgp3blVvVm1QbVJUEGdIRxVMSWsQDQgMBhBEBgQMcmgQFwRzdApyD25QVW1vEE5wAwoPBm5QVkRQU1UQFAIFAnMKbFVvU29QYWsSYU5zCAgKD2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7YWsSYRMGBQZzBnFhWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e25jfmsQY3APDXgAcXNyeXoADgZ6dGNZEHVxdgZrEmFxc3J5emFbEA92Dw1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBC.(CBLT).Toronto,.ON.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cbc.png" group-title="CANADA",CBC Canada
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cbs-sports-golazo.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CBS Sports Golazo
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBS.Sports.Network.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cbs-sports-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CBS Sports Network (CBSSN)
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBS.(KCBS).Los.Angeles,.CA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cbs-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CBS USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCQxQQFhZAEGlrEFRRY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG4PB3YPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bg8FdG5xcQYOCnQOVFFsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBS.(WCBS).New.York,.NY.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/syfy-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CBSNY USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CMT.US.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cmt.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CMT USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CMTV.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cmtv.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",CMTV Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNBC.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CNBC USA
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNN.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cnn.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CNN USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCT00QFhZAEGlrEFJTVmFrEGN0dXMEAg4AdHMNYVsQYQl3dXF0W25uDwV0DwZ6bQ8Gegx0cG9zdm4NB3Ruc3MGDgh2DlJRVG4Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COZITV.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cozi-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",COZI TV USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CTV2.Toronto,.ON.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ctv-2.png" group-title="CANADA",CTV 2 Canada
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CTV.(CFCN).Calgary,.AB.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ctv-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",CTV Canada
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cw.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CW PIX 11 USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cw.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",CW USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Canal.11.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/porto-canal-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Canal 11 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.Family.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canalplusfamily.png" group-title="POLAND",Canal+ Family Poland
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Canal+.Foot.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-foot.png" group-title="FRANCE",Canal+ Foot France
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.FORMULA1.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-formula1.png" group-title="FRANCE",Canal+ Formula 1
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Canal+ France
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.PREMIUM.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-premium.png" group-title="POLAND",Canal+ Premium Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.Seriale.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-seriale.png" group-title="POLAND",Canal+ Seriale Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-1-afrique.png" group-title="AFRICA",Canal+ Sport 1 Afrique
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-2-afrique.png" group-title="AFRICA",Canal+ Sport 2 Afrique
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.Sport.2.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-2-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Canal+ Sport 2 Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-4-afrique.png" group-title="AFRICA",Canal+ Sport 4 Afrique
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-5-afrique.png" group-title="AFRICA",Canal+ Sport 5 Afrique
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.SPORT.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",Canal+ Sport France
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CANAL+.Sport.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus-sport-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Canal+ Sport Poland
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCAA8CDWgQFHFyc3UQE3ANAg0FEGlrEFNXY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG4PB3YPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bg8FdG5xcQYOCnQOU1dsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Canal+.Sport.360.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/canal-plus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Canal+ Sport360
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCAA8CDWgQFHFyc3VSV28QaWsQU1VRYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxTVVNsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cartoon.Network.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cartoon-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Cartoon Network
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Channel4.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/channel-4-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Channel 4 UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCCwIPDwQNEFMSFkoQa2kQUlZTYWsSYXR1cQYCDgJ2cw1jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm56Cg8FDQZ4bQ0GeAx2cG1zdG54Cg0FbnFxBg4KdA5SVFFuDnANcG0OUHZXYWkQYQkEAgUGcXRhWRJ8YRZ2BnNsQggGD3dhWRBjTHB7CA0NAmxUbW8SZwoRC3APBlgQQhEUEAoRC3APBhJOFBBSVgBWEg0KDAQQTAIGEE4UEhloEEJxcQ0EGAYDSAp1bldvVG1SbVBUEmdKRxdMS2sSDQoMBBBGBgYMcGgSFwZzdgpwD2xQV21tEExwAQoNBmxQVERSU1cQFgIHAnEKblVtU21QY2sQYUxzCggID2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7Y2sQYREGBwZxBnNhWxBhCXd1cXRbbm5xDnECDAhxDQJ4bXl6eW5hfmkQYXANDXoAc3NweXgADAZ4dGFZEnVzdgRrEGFzc3B5eGFZEA12DQ18/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Channel.5.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/channel-5-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Channel 5 UK
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cinemax.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cinemax.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Cinemax USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CleoTV.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cleo-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Cleo TV
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Combate..br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/combate-brasil.png" group-title="BRAZIL",Combate Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Comedy.Central.(US).-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/comedy-central.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Comedy Central
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Comet.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/comet.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Comet USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CookingChannel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cooking-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Cooking Channel USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.1.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-1.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 1 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.2.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-2.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 2 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.3.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-3.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 3 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.4.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-4.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 4 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.5.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-5.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 5 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.6.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-6.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 6 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.7.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-7.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 7 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.8.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-8.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 8 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="COSMOTE.Sport.9.HD.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cosmote-sport-9.png" group-title="GREECE",Cosmote Sport 9 HD
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCcnQOcHcGEBRzcHN1ElgQR0EQaWkSVVJvY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG4FcA4McFANBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bgVwDgxwUGxxcwYMCnYOV1JvbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Court.TV.US.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/court-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Court TV USA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Crime.and.Investigation.Network.USA.HD.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ion-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Crime+ Investigation USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFCcQoOBmgQSA91BnR1CAgCdQhwDxAUFEAQa2kQVVdYYWsSYXR1cQYCDgJ2cw1jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm4HcAwMclAPBnptDwZ6DHRwb3N2bgdwDAxyUG5xcQYOCnQOVVVabg5wDXBtDlB2V2FpEGEJBAIFBnF0YVkSfGEWdgZzbEIIBg93YVkQY0xwewgNDQJsVG1vEmcKEQtwDwZYEEIRFBAKEQtwDwYSThQQUlYAVhINCgwEEEwCBhBOFBIZaBBCcXENBBgGA0gKdW5Xb1RtUm1QVBJnSkcXTEtrEg0KDAQQRgYGDHBoEhcGc3YKcA9sUFdtbRBMcAEKDQZsUFREUlNXEBYCBwJxCm5VbVNtUGNrEGFMcwoICA9hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2NrEGERBgcGcQZzYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enluYX5pEGFwDQ16AHNzcHl4AAwGeHRhWRJ1c3YEaxBhc3NweXhhWRANdg0NfA==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cuatro.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cuatro-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",Cuatro Spain
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cytavision.Sports1.HD.cy" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cytavision-sports.png" group-title="CYPRUS",Cytavision Sports 1 Cyprus
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cytavision.Sports2.HD.cy" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cytavision-sports.png" group-title="CYPRUS",Cytavision Sports 2 Cyprus
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.1.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-1.png" group-title="GERMANY",DAZN 1 Bar DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.1.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-1.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN 1 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.2.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-2.png" group-title="GERMANY",DAZN 2 Bar DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.2.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-2.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN 2 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.3.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-3.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN 3 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.4.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-4.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN 4 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.F1.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-f1.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN F1 ES
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.LALIGA.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-laliga.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN LaLiga
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDQhtNEEkCSwoKAhBpaxBUUlVhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxUUldsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAZN.LALIGA.2.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dazn-laliga-2.png" group-title="SPAIN",DAZN LaLiga 2
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDQhtNEEkCSwoKAhBREmlpEFFSYWsSYXR1cQYCDgJ2cw1jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm56Cg8FDQZ4bQ0GeAx2cG1zdG54Cg0FbnFxBg4KdA5TUmwOcA9ybQ5SdFdhaxJhCQYABQZzdmFZEH5hFnQEc2xACgYPdWNZEGFOcHsKDw0CblZtbxBlChEJcg8GWhJCERYSChEJcg8GEEwUEFBUAFYQDwoMBhJMAgQSThQQG2gQQHNxDQYaBgNKCHVuVW1UbVBvUFQQZUpHFU5LaxAPCgwGEkYGBA5waBAVBnN0CHAPblJXbW8STHADCA0GblJURFBRVxAUAAcCcwhuVW9RbVBhaRBhTnEKCAoNYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17enthaRBhEwQHBnMEc2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7bGF-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DR1.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dr1.png" group-title="DENMARK",DR1 Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDEVAQQwQPDgJxDBBpaxBXb1JhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxXb1BsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DR2.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dr2.png" group-title="DENMARK",DR2 Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDEVEQQwQPDgJxDBBpaxBXb1NhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxXb1FsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Dave(src01).uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dave.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Dave
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Destination.America.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/destination-america.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Destination America
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Diema.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/diema.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Diema Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Diema.Family.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/diema-family.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Diema Family Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DIEMA.SPORT.2.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/diema-sport-2.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Diema Sport 2 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDCAYOAhIUcXBxdRBREkF2DQoCcwoAEGlpElNVVWNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxueAoNBQ8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuegoPBWxxcwYMCnYOUVVVbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DIEMA.SPORT.3.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/diema-sport-3.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Diema Sport 3 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DIEMA.SPORT.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/diema-sport-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Diema Sport Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Digi.Sport.1.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/digi-sport-1.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Digi Sport 1 Romania
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Digi.Sport.2.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/digi-sport-2.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Digi Sport 2 Romania
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Digi.Sport.3.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/digi-sport-3.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Digi Sport 3 Romania
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Digi.Sport.4.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/digi-sport-4.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Digi Sport 4 Romania
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Discovery.Channel.(US).-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/discovery-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Discovery Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Discovery.Family.Channel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/discovery-family.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Discovery Family
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Discovery.Life.Channel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/discovery-life-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Discovery Life Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CTV.Speed.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/discovery-velocity.png" group-title="CANADA",Discovery Velocity CA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDCHQEcHUGc3oSFwYNcgQKdXgQQkASaWkQU1dUYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmwFBXpXDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm4FB3pVbnNzBg4Idg5RVVRuDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Disney.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/disney-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Disney Channel
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Disney.Junior.USA.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/disney-junior.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Disney JR
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDCHQPBngQSRMSaWkQV1RRYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmwPB3QNBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bg8Hdm5xcwQOCnYMVVRRbA5wD3JtDlJ0V2FrEmEJBgAFBnN2YVkQfmEWdARzbEAKBg91Y1kQYU5wewoPDQJuVm1vEGUKEQlyDwZaEkIRFhIKEQlyDwYQTBQQUFQAVhAPCgwGEkwCBBJOFBAbaBBAc3ENBhoGA0oIdW5VbVRtUG9QVBBlSkcVTktrEA8KDAYSRgYEDnBoEBUGc3QIcA9uUldtbxJMcAMIDQZuUlREUFFXEBQABwJzCG5Vb1FtUGFpEGFOcQoICg1hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e2FpEGETBAcGcwRzYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entsYX5rEmFwDw96AHFxcHl6AgwGenZhWRB3c3YGaRBhcXFweXpjWRAPdA0Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Disney.XD.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/disney-xd.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Disney XD
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDCHQPBngQGUMSaWkQUFBTYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmx7BgxyDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm57BAxwbnNzBg4Idg5SUlNuDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dubai-racing.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Dubai Racing 1 UAE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dubai-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Dubai Sports 1 UAE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dubai-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Dubai Sports 2 UAE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/dubai-sports.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Dubai Sports 3 UAE
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFDdAMCChIUcXBxdXQQUBAWQEYQaWkSVW9VY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG4FcA4McFANBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bgVwDgxwUGxxcwYMCnYOV29VbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="E!.Entertainment.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/e-entertainment.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",E! Entertainment Television
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFEYhBED3cGc3UACg8OBA91EBcGDQZ1CnQKcg8QaWsQUlBWYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxSUFRsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="E4.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/e4-channel.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",E4 Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ERT1.DTT-1.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ert-1.png" group-title="GREECE",ERT 1 Greece
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.1.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-1.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",ESPN 1 NL
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.2.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-2.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",ESPN 2 NL
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-brasil.png" group-title="BRAZIL",ESPN Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.Deportes.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-deportes.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ESPN Deportes
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFEFhFNEEEGcXBxdQZ0EmlpEFBWVGFpEGF0d3MGAgwAdnMPYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5sewYMcg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuewQMcG5zcwYOCHYOUlRUbg5yD3BtDFJ2V2NrEGELBgIFBHN0YVsQfGEUdAZzbkAIBg11YVkSYUxweQoNDQBuVG1tEGcKEwlwDwRaEEITFhAKEwlwDwQQThQSUFYAVBANCg4GEEwABBBOFhAZaBJAcXEPBhgGAUoKdWxVb1RvUG1QVhBnSkUVTEtpEA0KDgYQRgQEDHBqEBcGcXQKcA1uUFdvbxBMcgMKDQRuUFRGUFNXEhQCBwBzCm5Xb1NtUmFrEGNOcwoKCg9hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm5xDnECDAhxDQJ4bXl6eWFrEGMTBgcEcwZzY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ucwxxAg4KcQ0Aem15eHtuYXxrEGFyDw16AnFzcHt6AAwEenRhWxB1c3QGaxBjcXNwe3phWRIPdg0Pfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-extra.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",ESPN Extra Argentina
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-premium.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",ESPN Premium Argentina
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFEFhFNEBNzBg4Idg4QQnMIBg11Cg8AEGlpElJXVmNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxueAoNBQ8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuegoPBWxxcwYMCnYOUFdWbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-sur.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",ESPN SUR
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ESPN USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.2.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-1.png" group-title="BRAZIL",ESPN2 Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-2-sur.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",ESPN2 SUR
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN2.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-2-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ESPN2 USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.3.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-1.png" group-title="BRAZIL",ESPN3 Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.4.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-4-brasil.png" group-title="BRAZIL",ESPN4 Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.U.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espn-u-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ESPNU USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ESPN.News.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/espnews.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ESPNews
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eleven.Sports.1.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-1.png" group-title="POLAND",Eleven Sports 1 Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ElevenSports1(src01).pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-1.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Eleven Sports 1 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eleven.Sports.2.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-2.png" group-title="POLAND",Eleven Sports 2 Poland
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFEDwZ3Bg0QFHFyc3V0ElEQEXINAg8HEGlpElZRYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmx4Cg8HDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm54CA8FbnNzBg4Idg5WU24OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ElevenSports2(src01).pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-2.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Eleven Sports 2 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eleven.Sports.3.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-3.png" group-title="POLAND",Eleven Sports 3 Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ElevenSports3(src01).pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-3.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Eleven Sports 3 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ElevenSports4(src01).pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-4.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Eleven Sports 4 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ElevenSports5(src01).pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eleven-sports-5.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Eleven Sports 5 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.1.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-1.png" group-title="ITALY",EuroSport 1 Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFEdHNwFHNwc3USUBBIdwINehJpaRBVVldhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubHgKDwcPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bngIDwVuc3MGDgh2DldUV24Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.1.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-1.png" group-title="POLAND",EuroSport 1 Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.1.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-1.png" group-title="SPAIN",EuroSport 1 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.2.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-2.png" group-title="ITALY",EuroSport 2 Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFEdHNwFHNwc3USURBIdwINehJpaRBVVlhhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubHgKDwcPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bngIDwVuc3MGDgh2DldUWG4Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.2.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-2.png" group-title="POLAND",EuroSport 2 Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.2.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-2.png" group-title="SPAIN",EuroSport 2 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-1.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Eurosport 1 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport1.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-1.png" group-title="FRANCE",Eurosport 1 France
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport.2.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-2.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Eurosport 2 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Eurosport2.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/eurosport-2.png" group-title="FRANCE",Eurosport 2 France
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FETV.(Family.Entertainment.Television).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fetv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FETV - Family Entertainment Television
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fox.Deportes.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-deportes.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FOX Deportes USA
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOX.Soccer.Plus.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-soccer-plus.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FOX Soccer Plus
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFFTBkQFHIEBAZxEBENdHQQaWsQVlRXYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxWVFVsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxLeague.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-502.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",FOX Sports 502 AU
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxSports503.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-503.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",FOX Sports 503 AU
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxFooty.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-504.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",FOX Sports 504 AU
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxSports505.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-505.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",FOX Sports 505 AU
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxSports506.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-506.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",FOX Sports 506 AU
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-507.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",FOX Sports 507 AU
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOX.(KTTV).Los.Angeles,.CA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FOX USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOX.(WNYW).New.York,.NY.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/foxny.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FOXNY USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FUSE.TV.-.Eastern.feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fuse-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FUSE TV USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FX.Movie.Channel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fx-movie-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FX Movie Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FX.Networks.East.Coast.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fx-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FX USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFFGxAWFEIQaWkSUlBWY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG57Bg5wDwZ6bQ8Gegx0cG9zdm55BgxwbHFzBgwKdg5QUFZuDHAPcG8OUnZVYWsQYwkGAgcGc3RjWRB8YxZ0BnFsQAgED3VhWxBhTHJ7Cg0PAm5Ub28QZwgRCXANBloQQBEWEAgRCXANBhBOFhBQVgJWEA0IDAYQTgIEEEwUEBlqEEBxcw0GGAQDSgp3blVvVm1QbVJUEGdIRxVMSWsQDQgMBhBEBgQMcmgQFwRzdApyD25QVW1vEE5wAwoPBm5QVkRQU1UQFAIFAnMKbFVvU29QYWsSYU5zCAgKD2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7YWsSYRMGBQZzBnFhWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e25jfmsQY3APDXgAcXNyeXoADgZ6dGNZEHVxdgZrEmFxc3J5emFbEA92Dw1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FXX.USA.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fxx-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FXX USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FYI.USA.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fyi-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FYI
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Detroit.HD.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-detroit.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Detroit
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Florida.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-florida.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Florida
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Great.Lakes.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-great-lakes.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Great Lakes
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Indiana.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-indiana.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Indiana
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Midwest.St..Louis.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-midwest.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Midwest
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.North.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-north.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network North
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Ohio.-.Cleveland.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-ohio.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Ohio
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Oklahoma.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-oklahoma.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Oklahoma
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.San.Diego.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-sun.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network San Diego
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.SoCal.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-socal.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network SoCal
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFFAA9DdgQNEBRzcHN1dhBNBnd4cHMOEBRwQAINEGtpEFhtUWFrEmF0dXEGAg4CdnMNY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5uDQd0DwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwPB3RscXMGDAp2DlpvUW4McA9wbw5SdlVhaxBjCQYCBwZzdGNZEHxjFnQGcWxACAQPdWFbEGFMcnsKDQ8CblRvbxBnCBEJcA0GWhBAERYQCBEJcA0GEE4WEFBWAlYQDQgMBhBOAgQQTBQQGWoQQHFzDQYYBANKCnduVW9WbVBtUlQQZ0hHFUxJaxANCAwGEEQGBAxyaBAXBHN0CnIPblBVbW8QTnADCg8GblBWRFBTVRAUAgUCcwpsVW9Tb1BhaxJhTnMICAoPY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ucwxxAg4KcQ0Aem15eHthaxJhEwYFBnMGcWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7bmN-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fanduel.Sports.Sun.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-sun.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Sun
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.West.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-west.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network West
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FanDuel.Sports.Network.Wisconsin.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fanduel-sports-network-wisconsin.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",FanDuel Sports Network Wisconsin
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FashionTV(src01).uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fashion-tv.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Fashion TV
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="The.Fight.Network.(United.States).(TFN).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fight-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Fight Network
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Film4.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/film-4-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Film4 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FilmBox.Premium.HD.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/filmbox-premium.png" group-title="POLAND",FilmBox Premium Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fox.Business.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-business.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Fox Business
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxCricket.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-cricket.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",Fox Cricket
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fox.News.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-news.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Fox News
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fox.Sports.1.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-1-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Fox Sports 1 USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFFcnkQFHNwc3V2EFAQFBRAEGtpEFJaYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxSWG4McA9wbw5SdlVhaxBjCQYCBwZzdGNZEHxjFnQGcWxACAQPdWFbEGFMcnsKDQ8CblRvbxBnCBEJcA0GWhBAERYQCBEJcA0GEE4WEFBWAlYQDQgMBhBOAgQQTBQQGWoQQHFzDQYYBANKCnduVW9WbVBtUlQQZ0hHFUxJaxANCAwGEEQGBAxyaBAXBHN0CnIPblBVbW8QTnADCg8GblBWRFBTVRAUAgUCcwpsVW9Tb1BhaxJhTnMICAoPY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ucwxxAg4KcQ0Aem15eHthaxJhEwYFBnMGcWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7bmN-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxSports2(Argentina).ar" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-2-ar.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",Fox Sports 2 Argentina
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fox.Sports.2.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-2-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Fox Sports 2 USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxSports3(Argentina).ar" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-3-ar.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",Fox Sports 3 Argentina
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFFcnkQFHNwc3V2EFIQQnMIBg11Cg8AEGlpElZXWGNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxuDwd2DwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm4PBXRucXEGDgp0DlZXWm4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOXSPORTS.ar" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-ar.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",Fox Sports Argentina
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxSportsPremium(Spanish).mx" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-sports-premium-mx.png" group-title="MEXICO",Fox Sports Premium MX
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOXWeather.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/fox-weather-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Fox Weather Channel
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFFcnkQGAQCdQkEcxBCCwIPDwQNEGlrEFZWVmFrEGN0dXMEAg4AdHMNYVsQYQl3dXF0W25uewQMcA8EeG0PBHgMdHJtc3ZsewYMcm5xcwQOCnYMVlZUbA5wD3JtDlJ0V2FrEmEJBgAFBnN2YVkQfmEWdARzbEAKBg91Y1kQYU5wewoPDQJuVm1vEGUKEQlyDwZaEkIRFhIKEQlyDwYQTBQQUFQAVhAPCgwGEkwCBBJOFBAbaBBAc3ENBhoGA0oIdW5VbVRtUG9QVBBlSkcVTktrEA8KDAYSRgYEDnBoEBUGc3QIcA9uUldtbxJMcAMIDQZuUlREUFFXEBQABwJzCG5Vb1FtUGFpEGFOcQoICg1hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e2FpEGETBAcGcwRzYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entsYX5rEmFwDw96AHFxcHl6AgwGenZhWRB3c3YGaRBhcXFweXpjWRAPdA0Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Freeform.-.East.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/freeform.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Freeform
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GOL.PLAY.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/gol-play-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",GOL PLAY Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Golf.Channel.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/golf-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",GOLF Channel USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Galavision.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/galavision-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Galavisión USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Galavision.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/galavision-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Galavisi贸n USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFGAA0Cdwh0Ch10VwVSVQ8QFhZAEGlrEFZTUGFrEGN0dXMEAg4AdHMNYVsQYQl3dXF0W25uDwV0DwZ6bQ8Gegx0cG9zdm4NB3Ruc3MGDgh2DlZRUm4Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Game.Show.Network.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/game-show-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Game Show Network
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFGAA4GEBYJcHgSTQZ1enBzDBJpaRBQUFhhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubA8HdA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuDwd2bnFzBA4KdgxSUFhsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Global.BC.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/global-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",Global CA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Globo.Rio.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/globo-rio.png" group-title="BRAZIL",Globo RIO
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFGD3ADcBITSE4SaWkQVFVQYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmx7BgxyDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm57BAxwbnNzBg4Idg5WV1BuDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Globo.SP.HD.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/globo-sp.png" group-title="BRAZIL",Globo SP
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GOLD(src01).uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/gold-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Gold UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Great.American.Family.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/cbc.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Great American Family Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Grit.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/grit-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Grit Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.Comedy.HD.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-comedy-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO Comedy USA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.Family.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-family-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO Family USA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.Latino.(HBO.7).-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-latino-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO Latino USA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",HBO Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.Signature.(HBO.3).-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-signature-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO Signature USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFHQ04QFAgIDwJ3dnMGEhYUQBJpaRBXWFJhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubA8HdA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuDwd2bnFzBA4KdgxVWFJsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.Zone.HD.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-zone-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO Zone USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBO.2.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hbo-2-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HBO2 USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HGTV.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hgtv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",HGTV
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HR.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hr-fernsehen.png" group-title="GERMANY",HR Fernsehen DE
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFHERBFBnEPdAYLBg8QQUQQaWsQVlNtYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxWU29sDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hallmark.Mystery.Eastern.-.HD.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/hallmark-movies.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Hallmark Movies & Mysteries
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFHAA0NDgBzDBBOcHcKBHQQZRJMenR3BnMKBHQQaWsQUVhXYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxRWFVsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HLN.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/headline-news.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Headline News
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="History.Channel.US.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/history-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",History USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IFC.HDTV.(East).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ifc-tv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",IFC TV USA
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ION..-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ion-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",ION USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ITV1.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/itv-1-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",ITV 1 UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFIFxcQUBIWShBraRBSVm9haxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubgdwDAxyUA8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuB3AMDHJQbnFxBg4KdA5SVG1uDnANcG0OUHZXYWkQYQkEAgUGcXRhWRJ8YRZ2BnNsQggGD3dhWRBjTHB7CA0NAmxUbW8SZwoRC3APBlgQQhEUEAoRC3APBhJOFBBSVgBWEg0KDAQQTAIGEE4UEhloEEJxcQ0EGAYDSAp1bldvVG1SbVBUEmdKRxdMS2sSDQoMBBBGBgYMcGgSFwZzdgpwD2xQV21tEExwAQoNBmxQVERSU1cQFgIHAnEKblVtU21QY2sQYUxzCggID2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7Y2sQYREGBwZxBnNhWxBhCXd1cXRbbm5xDnECDAhxDQJ4bXl6eW5hfmkQYXANDXoAc3NweXgADAZ4dGFZEnVzdgRrEGFzc3B5eGFZEA12DQ18/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ITV2.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/itv-2-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",ITV 2 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ITV3.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/itv-3-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",ITV 3 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ITV4.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/itv-4-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",ITV 4 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Investigation.Discovery.USA.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/investigation-discovery.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Investigation Discovery (ID USA)
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Italia.1.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/italia-1-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Italia 1 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="kabel.eins.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/kabel-eins.png" group-title="GERMANY",Kabel Eins (Kabel 1) DE
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Kanal4.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/kanal-4-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",Kanal 4 Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Kanal5.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/kanal-5-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",Kanal 5 Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="La.chaine.l’Équipe.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/lequipe-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",L'Equipe France
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LALIGA.TV.HYPERMOTION.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/laliga-tv-hypermotion.png" group-title="SPAIN",LALIGA TV Hypermotion
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="La.Sexta.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/la-sexta.png" group-title="SPAIN",La Sexta Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LA7.HD.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/la-7-italy.png" group-title="ITALY",La7 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LALIGA.TV.HYPERMOTION.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/laliga-smartbank.png" group-title="SPAIN",LaLiga SmartBank TV
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/laligatv-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",LaLigaTV UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Law.and.Crime.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/law-and-crime-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Law & Crime Network
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Lifetime.Movies.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/lifetime-movie-network-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Lifetime Movies Network
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Lifetime.Network.US.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/lifetime-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Lifetime Network
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LFCTV.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/liverpool-tv.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Liverpool TV (LFC TV)
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/longhorn-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Longhorn Network USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="M6.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/m6-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",M6 France
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MASN.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/masn-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MASN USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MavTV.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mavtv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MAVTV USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MDR.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mdr-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",MDR DE
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Me.TV.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/metv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",METV USA
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MGM+.HDTV.(East).(MGM+HD).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mgmplus-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MGM+ USA / Epix
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMRExqEBQUQBBsEERxCHkQaWsQVlhSYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxWWFBsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MLB.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mlb-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MLB Network USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMSUEQTQR1eHBxDBAWFkAQaWsQUlhaYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxSWFhsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MSG.-.Syracuse.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/msg-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MSG USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MSNBC.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/msnbc.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MSNBC
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MTV.dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mtv.png" group-title="DENMARK",MTV Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMFxcQQwQPDgJxDBBpaxBXb1dhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxXb1VsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MTV.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mtv.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",MTV UK
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MTV.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mtv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MTV USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MUTV.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mutv-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",MUTV UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/my9tv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",MY9TV USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMGFgVFxIWFEASaWkQV1RTYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmwFBXpXDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm4FB3pVbnNzBg4Idg5VVlNuDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Magnolia.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/magnolia-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Magnolia Network
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Marquee.Sports.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/marquee-sports-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Marquee Sports Network
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/match-boets-ru.png" group-title="RUSSIA",Match Boets Russia
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/match-football-1-ru.png" group-title="RUSSIA",Match Football 1 Russia
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/match-football-2-ru.png" group-title="RUSSIA",Match Football 2 Russia
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/match-football-3-ru.png" group-title="RUSSIA",Match Football 3 Russia
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/match-premier-ru.png" group-title="RUSSIA",Match Premier Russia
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/match-tv-ru.png" group-title="RUSSIA",Match TV Russia
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMAHUECRIVFxARdnR0CAIQaWsQUFFUYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxQUVZsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MAXSport1(src01).bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/max-sport-1-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Max Sport 1 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/maxsport1-crotia.png" group-title="CROATIA",Max Sport 1 Croatia
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MAXSport2(src01).bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/max-sport-2-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Max Sport 2 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/maxsport2-crotia.png" group-title="CROATIA",Max Sport 2 Croatia
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMAHkQFHNwc3USURBCcXACdQgCEGlrEFZXbWFrEGN0dXMEAg4AdHMNYVsQYQl3dXF0W25uBXIMDHBSDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm4FcgwMcFJucXMEDgp2DFZXb2wOcA9ybQ5SdFdhaxJhCQYABQZzdmFZEH5hFnQEc2xACgYPdWNZEGFOcHsKDw0CblZtbxBlChEJcg8GWhJCERYSChEJcg8GEEwUEFBUAFYQDwoMBhJMAgQSThQQG2gQQHNxDQYaBgNKCHVuVW1UbVBvUFQQZUpHFU5LaxAPCgwGEkYGBA5waBAVBnN0CHAPblJXbW8STHADCA0GblJURFBRVxAUAAcCcwhuVW9RbVBhaRBhTnEKCAoNYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17enthaRBhEwQHBnMEc2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7bGF-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MAXSport3(src01).bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/max-sport-3-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Max Sport 3 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MAXSport4(src01).bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/max-sport-4-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Max Sport 4 Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Monumental.Sports.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/monumental-sports-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Monumental Sports Network
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Motor.Trend.HD.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/motor-trend.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Motor Trend
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMcnVwcxIVcwYNBRBpaxBVVVJhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxVVVBsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Motowizja.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/motowizja-pl.png" group-title="POLAND",Motowizja Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MplusDEPORTES2(src01).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-deportes-2.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Deportes 2 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MplusDEPORTES3(src01).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-deportes-3.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Deportes 3 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MplusDEPORTES4(src01).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-deportes-4.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Deportes 4 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MplusDEPORTES(src01).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-deportes.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Deportes Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MovistarGolf(Spanish).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-golf.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Golf Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MovistarLaLiga(Spanish).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-laliga.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Laliga
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MovistarLigadeCampeones(Spanish).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-liga-de-campeones.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Liga de Campeones
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFMcncKdHcCcxBJCggCEgUGEEACDnEEcA8GdhBpaRJTUlRjaxBhdnVzBgAOAHZxDWFZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnsGDnAPBnptDwZ6DHRwb3N2bnkGDHBscXMGDAp2DlFSVG4McA9wbw5SdlVhaxBjCQYCBwZzdGNZEHxjFnQGcWxACAQPdWFbEGFMcnsKDQ8CblRvbxBnCBEJcA0GWhBAERYQCBEJcA0GEE4WEFBWAlYQDQgMBhBOAgQQTBQQGWoQQHFzDQYYBANKCnduVW9WbVBtUlQQZ0hHFUxJaxANCAwGEEQGBAxyaBAXBHN0CnIPblBVbW8QTnADCg8GblBWRFBTVRAUAgUCcwpsVW9Tb1BhaxJhTnMICAoPY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ucwxxAg4KcQ0Aem15eHthaxJhEwYFBnMGcWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7bmN-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MovistarPlusplus(src01).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/0-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Plus+ (#0 Spain)
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/movistar-supercopa.png" group-title="SPAIN",Movistar Supercopa de Espa�a
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/mundotoro-tv.png" group-title="SPAIN",Mundotoro TV Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBA.TV.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nba-tv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBA TV USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBC.Sports.Bay.Area.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-sports-bay-area.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC Sports Bay Area
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBC.Sports.Boston.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-sports-boston.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC Sports Boston
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBC.Sports.California.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-sports-california.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC Sports California
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBC.Sports.Philadelphia.HDTV.(NBCSPAHD).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-sports-philadelphia.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC Sports Philadelphia
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFNQ0IQFHNwc3V2EBEJCA0CBQQNcQkIAhBpaxBWVlRhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubnsEDHAPBHhtDwR4DHRybXN2bHsGDHJucXMEDgp2DFZWVmwOcA9ybQ5SdFdhaxJhCQYABQZzdmFZEH5hFnQEc2xACgYPdWNZEGFOcHsKDw0CblZtbxBlChEJcg8GWhJCERYSChEJcg8GEEwUEFBUAFYQDwoMBhJMAgQSThQQG2gQQHNxDQYaBgNKCHVuVW1UbVBvUFQQZUpHFU5LaxAPCgwGEkYGBA5waBAVBnN0CHAPblJXbW8STHADCA0GblJURFBRVxAUAAcCcwhuVW9RbVBhaRBhTnEKCAoNYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17enthaRBhEwQHBnMEc2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7bGF-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-sports-washington.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC Sports Washington
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBC.Sports.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbc10-philadelphia.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBC10 Philadelphia
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBC.(WNBC).New.York,.NY.us   " tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nbcny-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NBCNY USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFNQ0JNGhIWFEASaWkQVFVYYWkQYXR3cwYCDAB2cw9hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmx7BgxyDwZ4bw8GeA50cG1xdm57BAxwbnNzBg4Idg5WV1huDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NDR.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ndr-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",NDR DE
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="New.England.Sports.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nesn-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NESN USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NFL.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nfl-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NFL Network
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NHL.Network.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nhl-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NHL Network USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nickelodeon.USA.-.East.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nick.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NICK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nick.Jr..-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nick-jr.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NICK JR
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="National.Geographic.Wild.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nat-geo-wild-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Nat Geo Wild USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="National.Geographic.US.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/national-geographic.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",National Geographic (NGC)
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NewsNation.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ion-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",NewsNation USA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NewsMax.TV.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/newsmax-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Newsmax USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nick.Music.(NICM).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nick-music.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Nick Music
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nicktoons.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nicktoons.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Nicktoons
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Noovo.(CFJP).Montreal,.QC.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/noovo-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",Noovo CA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nova.Sport.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sport-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Nova Sport Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFNcncCEBZxcHN3EEF2DwgCcwgCEGlrEFNVVWFrEGN0dXMEAg4AdHMNYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ueAgPBQ8EeG0PBHgMdHJtc3ZseAoPB25xcwQOCnYMU1VXbA5wD3JtDlJ0V2FrEmEJBgAFBnN2YVkQfmEWdARzbEAKBg91Y1kQYU5wewoPDQJuVm1vEGUKEQlyDwZaEkIRFhIKEQlyDwYQTBQQUFQAVhAPCgwGEkwCBBJOFBAbaBBAc3ENBhoGA0oIdW5VbVRtUG9QVBBlSkcVTktrEA8KDAYSRgYEDnBoEBUGc3QIcA9uUldtbxJMcAMIDQZuUlREUFFXEBQABwJzCG5Vb1FtUGFpEGFOcQoICg1hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e2FpEGETBAcGcwRzYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entsYX5rEmFwDw96AHFxcHl6AgwGenZhWRB3c3YGaRBhcXFweXpjWRAPdA0Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sport-serbia.png" group-title="SERBIA",Nova Sport Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports1.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-1-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports 1 Greece
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports2.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-2-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports 2 Greece
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports3.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-3-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports 3 Greece
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports4.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-4-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports 4 Greece
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports6.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-6-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports 6 Greece
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports.Premier.League.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-premier-league.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports Premier League Greece
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports.Prime.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-prime-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports Prime Greece
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Novasports.Start.gr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-sports-start-gr.png" group-title="GREECE",Nova Sports Start Greece
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nova.TV.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/nova-tv.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Nova TV Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ontime-sports.png" group-title="EGYPT",OnTime Sports
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ontime-sports-2.png" group-title="EGYPT",OnTime Sports 2
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFODRUKDgQQFHFyc3V0ElEQaWsQVVBTYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxVUFFsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Oprah.Winfrey.Network.USA.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/oprah.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN)
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFOc3MCCRIYCg8FcwZ6Ek0GdXpwcwwSZ04YT2gQaWsQUlJSYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxSUlBsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/orange-sport-1-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Orange Sport 1 Romania
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/orange-sport-2-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Orange Sport 2 Romania
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGFOcQIPCAQQFHFyc3UQUxATcAwCDwoAEGlpElNTb2NrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxueAoOCg8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuegoMCmxxcwYMCnYOUVNvbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Oxygen.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/oxygen-true-crime.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Oxygen True Crime
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/pdc-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",PDC TV
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="POP.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/pop-tv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",POP TV USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PTV.Sports.pk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ptv-sports.png" group-title="PAKISTAN",PTV Sports
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/pac-12-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Pac-12 Network USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Paramount.Network.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/paramount-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Paramount Network
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGERAHMCDnJ2D3USTQZ1enBzDBJpaRBQUlNhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubA8HdA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuDwd2bnFzBA4KdgxSUlNsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Polsat.Film.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/polsat-film-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Polsat Film Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Polsat.News.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/polsat-news-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Polsat News Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Polsat.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/polsat-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Polsat Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Polsat.Sport.Extra.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/polsat-sport-extra-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Polsat Sport Extra Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Polsat.Sport.News.HD.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/polsat-sport-news-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Polsat Sport News Poland
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Polsat.Sport.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/polsat-sport-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",Polsat Sport Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Porto.Canal.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/porto-canal-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Porto Canal Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Premiere..br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/premiere-brazil.png" group-title="BRAZIL",Premier Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/premier-sports-ireland-1.png" group-title="IRELAND",Premier Sports Ireland 1
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/premier-sports-ireland-2.png" group-title="IRELAND",Premier Sports Ireland 2
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Prima.Sport.1.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/prima-sport-1-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Prima Sport 1
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Prima.Sport.2.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/prima-sport-2-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Prima Sport 2
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Prima.Sport.3.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/prima-sport-3-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Prima Sport 3
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Prima.Sport.4.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/prima-sport-4-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Prima Sport 4
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Prima.TV.ro" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/prima-tv-ro.png" group-title="ROMANIA",Prima TV RO
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ProSieben.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/prosieben.png" group-title="GERMANY",ProSieben (PRO7) DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RDS2(src01).ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rds-2-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",RDS 2 CA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RDS.(Réseau.des.sports).ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rds-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",RDS CA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RDS.Info.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rds-info-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",RDS Info CA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGETQRQQSA0HcBBAQBBpaxBXU1JhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxXU1BsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RMC.Sport.1.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rmc-sport-1-fr.png" group-title="FRANCE",RMC Sport 1 France
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RMC.Sport.2.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rmc-sport-2-fr.png" group-title="FRANCE",RMC Sport 2 France
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTE1Network.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ert-1.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",RTE 1
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTE2.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rte-2-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",RTE 2
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTL.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rtl-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",RTL DE
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTL.7.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rtl7-netherlands.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",RTL7 Netherlandss
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTP.1.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rtp-1-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",RTP 1 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTP.2.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rtp-2-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",RTP 2 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RTP.3.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rtp-3-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",RTP 3 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Racing.TV.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/racing-tv-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Racing Tv UK
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Rai1.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rai-1-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Rai 1 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Rai2.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rai-2-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Rai 2 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Rai3.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rai-3-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Rai 3 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RaiSport.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rai-sport-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Rai Sport Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGETAAoQFHNwc3USSHUCD3oQaWsQV1dTYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxXV1FsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Rally.TV.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/rally-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Rally Tv
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RealMadridTV(Spanish).es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/real-madrid-tv-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",Real Madrid TV Spain
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ReelzChannel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/reelz-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Reelz Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ring.BG.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ring-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Ring Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Root.Sports.Northwest.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/root-sports-northwest.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Root Sports Northwest
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="S4C.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/s4c-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",S4C UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SAT.1.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sat.1-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",SAT.1 DE
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBS.6.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sbs6-nl.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",SBS6 NL
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SEC.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sec-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",SEC Network USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEURkIQTQR1eHBxDBAWFkAQaWsQUldWYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxSV1RsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/see-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",SEE Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEURkQQQwQPDgJxDBBpaxBXUFJhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxXUFBsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SIC.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sic-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",SIC Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SRFernsehen(src01).de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sr-fernsehen-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",SR Fernsehen DE
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUERBFBnEPdAYLBg8QQUQQaWsQVlJaYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxWUlhsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ssc-sports-5.jpg" group-title="SAUDI",SSC Sport 1
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ssc-sports-5.jpg" group-title="SAUDI",SSC Sport 2
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ssc-sports-5.jpg" group-title="SAUDI",SSC Sport 3
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ssc-sports-5.jpg" group-title="SAUDI",SSC Sport 4
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ssc-sports-5.jpg" group-title="SAUDI",SSC Sport 5
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ssc-sports-extra-2.jpg" group-title="SAUDI",SSC Sport Extra 1
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SUPER.RTL.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/super-rtl-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",SUPER RTL DE
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SWR/SR.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/swr-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",SWR DE
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUGhMQQ0YQaWkSVlJUY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG4FBXhVDwZ6bQ8Gegx0cG9zdm4HBXpVbHFzBgwKdg5UUlRuDHAPcG8OUnZVYWsQYwkGAgcGc3RjWRB8YxZ0BnFsQAgED3VhWxBhTHJ7Cg0PAm5Ub28QZwgRCXANBloQQBEWEAgRCXANBhBOFhBQVgJWEA0IDAYQTgIEEEwUEBlqEEBxcw0GGAQDSgp3blVvVm1QbVJUEGdIRxVMSWsQDQgMBhBEBgQMcmgQFwRzdApyD25QVW1vEE5wAwoPBm5QVkRQU1UQFAIFAnMKbFVvU29QYWsSYU5zCAgKD2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7YWsSYRMGBQZzBnFhWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e25jfmsQY3APDXgAcXNyeXoADgZ6dGNZEHVxdgZrEmFxc3J5emFbEA92Dw1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Syfy.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/syfy-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",SYFY USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUGEUaEBQUQBBraRBSVFJhaxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubnkGDHANBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bnsGDnBucXEGDgp0DlJWUG4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Science.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/science-channel.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Science Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Showtime.2.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-2-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime 2 USA (SHO2) USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Showtime.Extreme.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-extreme-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime Extreme USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Showtime.FamilyZone.(East).(SHOFe).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-family-zone-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime Family Zone (SHO Family Zone) USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Showtime.Next.HD.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-next-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime Next (SHO Next) USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SHOXBET.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-shoxbet-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime SHOxBET USA
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Showtime.Showcase.HD.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-showcase-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime Showcase USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Paramount+.with.Showtime.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/showtime-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Showtime USA
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="sixx.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sixx-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sixx DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Arts.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-arts-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Arts UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Atlantic.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-atlantic-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Atlantic
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..251.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-1.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 1 (251) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..252.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-2.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 2 (252) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..253.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-3.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 3 (253) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..254.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-4.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 4 (254) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..255.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-5.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 5 (255) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..256.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-6.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 6 (256) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport..257.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-calcio-7.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Calcio 7 (257) Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Action.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-action-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Action Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Action.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-action-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Action UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyAnimationHD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-animation-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Animation UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Collection.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-collection-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Collection Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQQggPBg4AEEJwDw0GBHcKcA8SSHUCD3oQaWsQV1RaYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxXVFhsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Comedy.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-comedy.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Comedy Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Comedy.Cinema.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-comedy-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Comedy UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Drama.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-drama-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Drama Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQQggPBg4AEENzAA4CEEp1Ag14EGlpEldVVmNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxueAoNBQ8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuegoPBWxxcwYMCnYOVVVWbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Drama.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-drama-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Drama UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Uno.+24.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-due-plus24-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Due +24 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Family.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-family-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Family Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Family.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-family-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Family UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Greats.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-greats-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Greats UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Hits.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-hits-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Hits UK
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Premiere.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-premiere-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Premiere UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Romance.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-romance-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Romance Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.ScFi/HorHD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-sci-fi-horror-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Sci-Fi Horror UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQQggPBg4AEBQECGxFChJHcHNxcHMQFEoQaWsQVVdSYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxVV1BsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Select.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-select-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Select UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Suspense.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-suspense.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Suspense Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Thriller.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-thriller-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Cinema Thriller UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQQggPBg4AEBUJcQoNDQRzEBZIEGlpElVWWGNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxueAoNBQ8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuegoPBWxxcwYMCnYOV1ZYbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Uno.+24.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-uno-plus24-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Uno +24 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Cinema.Uno.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-cinema-uno-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Cinema Uno Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Comedy.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-comedy-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Comedy UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Crime.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-crime-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Crime
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.HistoryHD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-history-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky History
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Serie.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-serie-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Serie Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFARzCgYSSHUCD3oQaWsQV1dtYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxXV29sDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Showcase.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-showcase-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Showcase UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFAtweAQAdAYQFEoQaWsQVVdTYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxVV1FsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.1.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-1-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 1 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.2.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-2-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 2 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport24.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-24-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport 24 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.3.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-3-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 3 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.4.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-4-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 4 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.5.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-5-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 5 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.6.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-6-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 6 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.7.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-7-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 7 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.8.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-8-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 8 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.9.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-9-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport 9 NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Arena.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-arena-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport Arena Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Austria.1.HD.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-austria-1-hd-at.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sky Sport Austria 1 HD
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFHNwc3USQHZ0d3MKAhJQEEdBEGlpElRUWGNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxuBQV4VQ8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuBwV6VWxxcwYMCnYOVlRYbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Bundesliga.1.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-bundesliga-1-hd.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sky Sport Bundesliga 1 HD
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Calcio.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-calcio-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport Calcio Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.F1.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-f1-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport F1 Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Max.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-football-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport Max (Sky Sport Football Italy)
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Mix.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-mix-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sky Sport Mix DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.MotoGP.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-motogp-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport MotoGP Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Select.nz" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-select-nz.png" group-title="NEW ZEALAND",Sky Sport Select NZ
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Tennis.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-tennis-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport Tennis Italy
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFHNwc3USFQYPDQp0EEp1Ag14EGlpElRWVWNrEGF2dXMGAA4AdnENYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxuBQV4VQ8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuBwV6VWxxcwYMCnYOVlZVbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Top.Event.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-top-event-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sky Sport Top Event DE
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Uno.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-uno-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sport UNO Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Action.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-action-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Action UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySportsArena.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-arena-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Arena UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFHNwc3V2EEBzBA8CEBRKEGlrEFJVY2sQYXZ1cwYADgB2cQ1hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG57Bg5wDwZ6bQ8Gegx0cG9zdm55BgxwbHFzBgwKdg5QVW4Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Cricket.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-cricket-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Cricket
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SKY.Sport.F1.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-f1-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sky Sports F1 DE
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.F1.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-f1-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports F1 UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFHNwc3V2EEVQEhZKEGtpEFVtYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxVb24McA9wbw5SdlVhaxBjCQYCBwZzdGNZEHxjFnQGcWxACAQPdWFbEGFMcnsKDQ8CblRvbxBnCBEJcA0GWhBAERYQCBEJcA0GEE4WEFBWAlYQDQgMBhBOAgQQTBQQGWoQQHFzDQYYBANKCnduVW9WbVBtUlQQZ0hHFUxJaxANCAwGEEQGBAxyaBAXBHN0CnIPblBVbW8QTnADCg8GblBWRFBTVRAUAgUCcwpsVW9Tb1BhaxJhTnMICAoPY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ucwxxAg4KcQ0Aem15eHthaxJhEwYFBnMGcWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7bmN-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Fball.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-football-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Football UK
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Golf.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-golf-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky Sports Golf Italy
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Golf.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-golf-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Golf UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFHNwc3V2EEZwDwcQFkgQaWkSVm9haRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubHgKDwcPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bngIDwVuc3MGDgh2DlZtbg5wDXBtDlB2V2FpEGEJBAIFBnF0YVkSfGEWdgZzbEIIBg93YVkQY0xwewgNDQJsVG1vEmcKEQtwDwZYEEIRFBAKEQtwDwYSThQQUlYAVhINCgwEEEwCBhBOFBIZaBBCcXENBBgGA0gKdW5Xb1RtUm1QVBJnSkcXTEtrEg0KDAQQRgYGDHBoEhcGc3YKcA9sUFdtbRBMcAEKDQZsUFREUlNXEBYCBwJxCm5VbVNtUGNrEGFMcwoICA9hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2NrEGERBgcGcQZzYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enluYX5pEGFwDQ16AHNzcHl4AAwGeHRhWRJ1c3YEaxBhc3NweXhhWRANdg0NfA==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Mix.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-mix-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports MIX UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySpMainEv.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-main-event-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Main Event
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.News.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-news-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports News UK
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySportsPremierLeague.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-premier-league-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Premier League
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Racing.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-racing-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Racing UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUDnoQFHNwc3V2EBMCBgoPCBIWShBraRBUVlNhaxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubnoKDwUNBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bngKDQVucXEGDgp0DlRUUW4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Tennis.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sport-tennis-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sky Sports Tennis DE
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkySp.Tennis.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-sports-tennis-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Sports Tennis UK
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Sport.Uno.it" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-uno-it.png" group-title="ITALY",Sky UNO Italy
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky.Witness.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sky-witness-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Sky Witness HD
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Smithsonian.Channel.USA.HD.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/smithsonian-channel-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Smithsonian Channel
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Space.City.Home.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/space-city-home-network-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Space City Home Network
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUcwIEBhJCCnV4EEdwDAYQTQR1eHBxDBBpaxBYUVJhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxYUVBsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Spectrum.Sportsnet.Lakers.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/spectrum-sportsnet-la-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Spectrum Sportsnet LA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORTV.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportv-br.png" group-title="BRAZIL",SporTV Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORTV.2.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportv2-br.png" group-title="BRAZIL",SporTV2 Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORTV.3.br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportv3-br.png" group-title="BRAZIL",SporTV3 Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-klub-1-serbia.png" group-title="SERBIA",Sport Klub 1 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-klub-2-serbia.png" group-title="SERBIA",Sport Klub 2 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUc3BzdRJKDXYBEFEQFgZzAwgCEGlrEFBvU2FrEGN0dXMEAg4AdHMNYVsQYQl3dXF0W25uBQd6VQ8EeG0PBHgMdHJtc3ZsBQV6V25xcwQOCnYMUG9RbA5wD3JtDlJ0V2FrEmEJBgAFBnN2YVkQfmEWdARzbEAKBg91Y1kQYU5wewoPDQJuVm1vEGUKEQlyDwZaEkIRFhIKEQlyDwYQTBQQUFQAVhAPCgwGEkwCBBJOFBAbaBBAc3ENBhoGA0oIdW5VbVRtUG9QVBBlSkcVTktrEA8KDAYSRgYEDnBoEBUGc3QIcA9uUldtbxJMcAMIDQZuUlREUFFXEBQABwJzCG5Vb1FtUGFpEGFOcQoICg1hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e2FpEGETBAcGcwRzYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entsYX5rEmFwDw96AHFxcHl6AgwGenZhWRB3c3YGaRBhcXFweXpjWRAPdA0Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-klub-3-serbia.png" group-title="SERBIA",Sport Klub 3 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-klub-4-serbia.png" group-title="SERBIA",Sport Klub 4 Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-klub-hd-serbia.png" group-title="SERBIA",Sport Klub HD Serbia
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT.TV1.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-tv-1-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sport TV1 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT.TV2.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-tv-2-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sport TV2 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT.TV3.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-tv-3-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sport TV3 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT.TV4.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-tv-4-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sport TV4 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT.TV5.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-tv-5-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sport TV5 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT.TV6.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport-tv-6-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sport TV6 Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT1.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport1-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sport1 Germany
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPORT1+.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sport1-plus-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",Sport1+ Germany
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="sportdigital.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportdigital-fussball.png" group-title="GERMANY",SportDigital Fussball
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sporting.TV.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sporting-tv-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",Sporting TV Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SNY:.SportsNet.New.York.(Comcast).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-new-york.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",SportsNet New York (SNY)
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SportsNet.Pittsburgh.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-pittsburgh.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",SportsNet Pittsburgh
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportsnet.360.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-360.png" group-title="CANADA",Sportsnet 360
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportsnet.(East).-.Satellite/Digital.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-east.png" group-title="CANADA",Sportsnet East
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportsnet.One.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-one.png" group-title="CANADA",Sportsnet One
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportsnet.(Ontario).ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-ontario.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Sportsnet Ontario
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportsnet.(West).-.Satellite/Digital.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-west.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Sportsnet West
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportsnet.World.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sportsnet-world.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Sportsnet World
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUc3BzdXYPBnUSGHBzDwUQaWsQU1BtYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxTUG9sDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOX.Channel.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/star-channel.png" group-title="BULGARIA",Star Channel (FOX HD Bulgaria)
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="STAR.SPORTS.1.HINDI.in" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/star-sports-1-hindi-in.png" group-title="INDIA",Star Sports Hindi IN
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Starz.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/starz-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Starz
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/starzplay.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",StarzPlay CricLife 1 HD
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUdwJzexMNAnoSQnMKBksKBwQQUBBFQxBpaxBRV1FhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubg8FdA8Gem0PBnoMdHBvc3ZuDQd0bnNzBg4Idg5RVVNuDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/starzplay.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",StarzPlay CricLife 2 HD
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/starzplay.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",StarzPlay CricLife 3 HD
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/stream-771.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",Stream 771
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SundanceTV.USA.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/sundance-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Sundance TV
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUdA8FAg0EBhAXFxBpaxBVVFVhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxVVFdsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-action.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Action
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-cricket.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Cricket
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-grandstand.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Grandstand
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-laliga.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport LaLiga
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-maximo-1.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport MaXimo 1
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-psl.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport PSL
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-premier-league.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Premier league
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUdHEGcxZxcHN3EBFzBA4KBnEQDQYACHYGEmlpEFFQU2FpEGF0d3MGAgwAdnMPYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5sBQV6Vw8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBQd6VW5zcwYOCHYOU1JTbg5yD3BtDFJ2V2NrEGELBgIFBHN0YVsQfGEUdAZzbkAIBg11YVkSYUxweQoNDQBuVG1tEGcKEwlwDwRaEEITFhAKEwlwDwQQThQSUFYAVBANCg4GEEwABBBOFhAZaBJAcXEPBhgGAUoKdWxVb1RvUG1QVhBnSkUVTEtpEA0KDgYQRgQEDHBqEBcGcXQKcA1uUFdvbxBMcgMKDQRuUFRGUFNXEhQCBwBzCm5Xb1NtUmFrEGNOcwoKCg9hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm5xDnECDAhxDQJ4bXl6eWFrEGMTBgcEcwZzY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ucwxxAg4KcQ0Aem15eHtuYXxrEGFyDw16AnFzcHt6AAwEenRhWxB1c3QGaxBjcXNwe3phWRIPdg0Pfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-rugby.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Rugby
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUdHEGcxZxcHN3EBN2CgN6EGtpEFNTUGFrEmF0dXEGAg4CdnMNY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ueQYMcA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuewYOcG5xcQYOCnQOU1FSbg5wDXBtDlB2V2FpEGEJBAIFBnF0YVkSfGEWdgZzbEIIBg93YVkQY0xwewgNDQJsVG1vEmcKEQtwDwZYEEIRFBAKEQtwDwYSThQQUlYAVhINCgwEEEwCBhBOFBIZaBBCcXENBBgGA0gKdW5Xb1RtUm1QVBJnSkcXTEtrEg0KDAQQRgYGDHBoEhcGc3YKcA9sUFdtbRBMcAEKDQZsUFREUlNXEBYCBwJxCm5VbVNtUGNrEGFMcwoICA9hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2NrEGERBgcGcQZzYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enluYX5pEGFwDQ16AHNzcHl4AAwGeHRhWRJ1c3YEaxBhc3NweXhhWRANdg0NfA==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-tennis.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Tennis
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUdHEGcxZxcHN3EBUGDQ8KdBJpaRBRUVJhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubHsGDHIPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bnsEDHBuc3MGDgh2DlNTUm4Ocg9wbQxSdldjaxBhCwYCBQRzdGFbEHxhFHQGc25ACAYNdWFZEmFMcHkKDQ0AblRtbRBnChMJcA8EWhBCExYQChMJcA8EEE4UElBWAFQQDQoOBhBMAAQQThYQGWgSQHFxDwYYBgFKCnVsVW9Ub1BtUFYQZ0pFFUxLaRANCg4GEEYEBAxwahAXBnF0CnANblBXb28QTHIDCg0EblBURlBTVxIUAgcAcwpuV29TbVJhaxBjTnMKCgoPYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enlhaxBjEwYHBHMGc2NZEGELdXVxdllubnMMcQIOCnENAHpteXh7bmF8axBhcg8NegJxc3B7egAMBHp0YVsQdXN0BmsQY3FzcHt6YVkSD3YND34=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-variety-1.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Variety 1
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEUdHEGcxZxcHN3EBcCcQoGdXgQUBBraRBTUlVhaxJhdHVxBgIOAnZzDWNZEGELdXVxdllubnkGDHANBnhtDQZ4DHZwbXN0bnsGDnBucXEGDgp0DlNQV24OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-variety-3.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Variety 3
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-variety-4.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",SuperSport Variety 4
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/supersport-football.png" group-title="SOUTH AFRICA",Supersport Football
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TBS.-.East.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tbs-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TBS USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Turner.Classic.Movies.USA.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tcm-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TCM USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TF1.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tf1-fr.png" group-title="FRANCE",TF1 France
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TLC.USA.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tlc-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TLC
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVSUIQaWsQUlJUYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm54CA8FDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx4Cg8HbnFzBA4KdgxSUlZsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TMC.(US).-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tmc-channel-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TMC Channel USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT(Portuguese).br" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-brasil.png" group-title="BRAZIL",TNT Brazil
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT.Sports.1.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-sports-1-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",TNT Sports 1 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT.Sports.2.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-sports-2-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",TNT Sports 2 UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVTxUQFHNwc3V2EFEQFEoQaWsQUlFjaxBhdnVzBgAOAHZxDWFZEmEJdXdxdFlsbg8Hdg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuDwV0bnFxBg4KdA5SUWwOcA9ybQ5SdFdhaxJhCQYABQZzdmFZEH5hFnQEc2xACgYPdWNZEGFOcHsKDw0CblZtbxBlChEJcg8GWhJCERYSChEJcg8GEEwUEFBUAFYQDwoMBhJMAgQSThQQG2gQQHNxDQYaBgNKCHVuVW1UbVBvUFQQZUpHFU5LaxAPCgwGEkYGBA5waBAVBnN0CHAPblJXbW8STHADCA0GblJURFBRVxAUAAcCcwhuVW9RbVBhaRBhTnEKCAoNYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17enthaRBhEwQHBnMEc2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7bGF-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT.Sports.3.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-sports-3-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",TNT Sports 3 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT.Sports.4.HD.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-sports-4-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",TNT Sports 4 UK
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-sports-ar.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",TNT Sports Argentina
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-sports-hd-chile.png" group-title="CHILE",TNT Sports HD Chile
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tnt-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TNT USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSN1.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tsn1.png" group-title="CANADA",TSN1
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSN2.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tsn2.png" group-title="CANADA",TSN2
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSN3.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tsn3.png" group-title="CANADA",TSN3
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSN4.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tsn4.png" group-title="CANADA",TSN4
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSN5.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tsn5.png" group-title="CANADA",TSN5
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TUDN.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tudn-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TUDN USA
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV.One.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv-one-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TV ONE USA
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2bornholm(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv2-bornholm.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV2 Bornholm Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv2-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV2 Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2Sport(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv2-sport-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV2 Sport Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVFVEQFHNwc3USQwYPDAJzDBJpaRBVUG9haRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubAVwDA5wUA8EeG0PBHgMdHJtc3ZsBXAMDnBQbnNzBg4Idg5XUm9uDnIPcG0MUnZXY2sQYQsGAgUEc3RhWxB8YRR0BnNuQAgGDXVhWRJhTHB5Cg0NAG5UbW0QZwoTCXAPBFoQQhMWEAoTCXAPBBBOFBJQVgBUEA0KDgYQTAAEEE4WEBloEkBxcQ8GGAYBSgp1bFVvVG9QbVBWEGdKRRVMS2kQDQoOBhBGBAQMcGoQFwZxdApwDW5QV29vEExyAwoNBG5QVEZQU1cSFAIHAHMKbldvU21SYWsQY05zCgoKD2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5YWsQYxMGBwRzBnNjWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e25hfGsQYXIPDXoCcXNwe3oADAR6dGFbEHVzdAZrEGNxc3B7emFZEg92DQ9-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv2-sport-x-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV2 Sport X Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2Zulu(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv2-zulu-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV2 Zulu
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV3Max(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv3-max-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV3 Max Denmark
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVFVIQTAB5EEMEDw4CcQwQaWsQUVFQYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FB3pVDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmwFBXpXbnFzBA4KdgxRUVJsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV3Sport1(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv3-sport-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV3 Sport Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV3plus(src01).dk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tv3plus-denmark.png" group-title="DENMARK",TV3+ Denmark
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVA.Sports.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tva-sports.png" group-title="CANADA",TVA Sports
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVA.Sports.3.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tva-sports-2.png" group-title="CANADA",TVA Sports 2
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LA.1.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tve-la-1-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",TVE La 1 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LA.2.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tve-la-2-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",TVE La 2 Spain
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVI.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvi-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",TVI Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVI.Reality.HD.pt" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvi-reality-portugal.png" group-title="PORTUGAL",TVI Reality Portugal
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV.Land.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvland-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TVLAND
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVN.HD.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvn-hd-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",TVN HD Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVN.24.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvn24-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",TVN24 Poland
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVO.(TV.Ontario).HD.ca" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvo-ca.png" group-title="CANADA",TVO CA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVP.Info.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvp-info-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",TVP INFO
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVP.Sport.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvp-sport-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",TVP Sport Poland
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVP.1.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvp1-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",TVP1 Poland
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVFRFQEBNwDQINBRBpaxBUVW1haxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxUVW9sDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVP.2.pl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tvp2-poland.png" group-title="POLAND",TVP2 Poland
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVFRFREBNwDQINBRBpaxBUVVJhaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxUVVBsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Canal.TyC.Sports.ar" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tyc-sports-ar.png" group-title="ARGENTINA",TYC Sports Argentina
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TeenNick.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/teennick-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TeenNick
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Telecinco.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/telecinco-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",Telecinco Spain
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVBA0GBAgPBHASFHECCA8QaWsQVFJTYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm4FcgwMcFIPBnhvDwZ4DnRwbXF2bgVyDAxwUm5xcwQOCnYMVFJRbA5wD3JtDlJ0V2FrEmEJBgAFBnN2YVkQfmEWdARzbEAKBg91Y1kQYU5wewoPDQJuVm1vEGUKEQlyDwZaEkIRFhIKEQlyDwYQTBQQUFQAVhAPCgwGEkwCBBJOFBAbaBBAc3ENBhoGA0oIdW5VbVRtUG9QVBBlSkcVTktrEA8KDAYSRgYEDnBoEBUGc3QIcA9uUldtbxJMcAMIDQZuUlREUFFXEBQABwJzCG5Vb1FtUGFpEGFOcQoICg1hWRBjCXV1c3RZbmxxDHEADApxDwJ6bXt6e2FpEGETBAcGcwRzYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entsYX5rEmFwDw96AHFxcHl6AgwGenZhWRB3c3YGaRBhcXFweXpjWRAPdA0Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Teledeporte.es" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/teledeporte-spain.png" group-title="SPAIN",Teledeporte Spain (TDP)
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVBA0GBQRxcHN3BhAUcwIKDxJnFUMTaBBpaxBUUVphaxBjdHVzBAIOAHRzDWFbEGEJd3VxdFtubgVyDAxwUg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuBXIMDHBSbnFzBA4KdgxUUVhsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Telemundo..-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/telemundo-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Telemundo
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ten-sports-pk.png" group-title="PAKISTAN",Ten Sports PK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="The.Tennis.Channel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/tennis-channel-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Tennis Channel
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 1
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 15
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 2
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 3
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 4
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 5
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 6
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 7
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/Tennisplus.png" group-title="FRANCE",Tennis+ 8
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Food.Network.USA.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/the-food-network-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",The Food Network
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEVCwYQRXJwBRBPBnV4cnMMEGtpEFJVU2FrEmF0dXEGAg4CdnMNY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ueQYMcA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuewYOcG5xcQYOCnQOUldRbg5wDXBtDlB2V2FpEGEJBAIFBnF0YVkSfGEWdgZzbEIIBg93YVkQY0xwewgNDQJsVG1vEmcKEQtwDwZYEEIRFBAKEQtwDwYSThQQUlYAVhINCgwEEEwCBhBOFBIZaBBCcXENBBgGA0gKdW5Xb1RtUm1QVBJnSkcXTEtrEg0KDAQQRgYGDHBoEhcGc3YKcA9sUFdtbRBMcAEKDQZsUFREUlNXEBYCBwJxCm5VbVNtUGNrEGFMcwoICA9hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2NrEGERBgcGcQZzYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enluYX5pEGFwDQ16AHNzcHl4AAwGeHRhWRJ1c3YEaxBhc3NweXhhWRANdg0NfA==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/the-hallmark-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",The Hallmark
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hallmark.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/the-hallmark-channel-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",The Hallmark Channel
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="The.Weather.Channel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/the-weather-channel-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",The Weather Channel
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TheTravelChannel.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/travel-channel-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Travel Channel
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="truTV.USA.-.Eastern.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/trutv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",TruTV USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="USA.Network.-.East.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/usa-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",USA Network
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="UniMás..-.Network.Pacific.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/unimas-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Unimas
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Univision.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/univision-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Univision
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="V.Film.Family.se" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/v-film-family-sweden.png" group-title="SWEDEN",V Film Family
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="V.Film.Premiere.se" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/v-film-premiere-sweden.png" group-title="SWEDEN",V Film Premiere
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="V.Sport.Motor.se" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/v-sport-motor-sweden.png" group-title="SWEDEN",V Sport Motor Sweden
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="VH1.-.Eastern.Feed.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/vh1-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",VH1 USA
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="VICE.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/vice-tv.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",VICE TV
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="VTV.+.HD.uy" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/vtvplus-uruguay.png" group-title="URUGUAY",VTV+ Uruguay
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEXFxdqEBRzdgh0AnoQa2kQUlpQYWsSYXR1cQYCDgJ2cw1jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm4NB3QPBHhtDwR4DHRybXN2bA8HdGxxcwYMCnYOUFhQbgxwD3BvDlJ2VWFrEGMJBgIHBnN0Y1kQfGMWdAZxbEAIBA91YVsQYUxyewoNDwJuVG9vEGcIEQlwDQZaEEARFhAIEQlwDQYQThYQUFYCVhANCAwGEE4CBBBMFBAZahBAcXMNBhgEA0oKd25Vb1ZtUG1SVBBnSEcVTElrEA0IDAYQRAYEDHJoEBcEc3QKcg9uUFVtbxBOcAMKDwZuUFZEUFNVEBQCBQJzCmxVb1NvUGFrEmFOcwgICg9jWRBhC3V1cXZZbm5zDHECDgpxDQB6bXl4e2FrEmETBgUGcwZxYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5scQxxAAwKcQ8Cem17entuY35rEGNwDw14AHFzcnl6AA4GenRjWRB1cXYGaxJhcXNyeXphWxAPdg8Nfg==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Veronica.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/veronica-nl.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",Veronica NL Netherlandss
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Viaplay1(src01).uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/viaplay-sports-1-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Viaplay Sports 1 UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Viaplay2(src01).uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/viaplay-sports-2-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Viaplay Sports 2 UK
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ViaplayXtra.uk" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/viaplay-xtra-uk.png" group-title="UNITED KINGDOM",Viaplay Xtra UK
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEXCAJxDQB6EBl3cwIQFEoQaWsQVFhUYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxUWFZsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="vodasport(src01).is" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/vodafone-sport.png" group-title="ICELAND",Vodafone Sport
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WDR.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/wdr-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",WDR DE
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WEtv.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/wetv-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",WETV USA
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WWE.Network.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/wwe-network.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",WWE Network
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Willow.Cricket.HDTV.(WILLOWHD).us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/willow-cricket-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Willow Cricket
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Willow.Xtra.us" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/willow-xtra-us.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",Willow XTRA
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/win-sportsplus-columbia.png" group-title="COLUMBIA",Win Sports+ Columbia
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="YES.Network.us   " tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/yes-network-usa.png" group-title="UNITED STATES",YES Network USA
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEaRhQQTQR1eHBxDBAWFkAQaWsQVlVQYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxWVVJsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/yas-tv-uae.png" group-title="UNITED ARAB EMIRATES",Yas TV UAE
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZDFinfo.de" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/zdf-info-de.png" group-title="GERMANY",ZDF Info DE
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ziggo.Sport.2.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ziggo-sport-2-nl.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",Ziggo Sport 2 NL
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEbCAgIcBIUcXBxdRBREk1LEGtpEFJaV2FrEmF0dXEGAg4CdnMNY1kQYQt1dXF2WW5ueQYMcA0GeG0NBngMdnBtc3RuewYOcG5xcQYOCnQOUlhVbg5wDXBtDlB2V2FpEGEJBAIFBnF0YVkSfGEWdgZzbEIIBg93YVkQY0xwewgNDQJsVG1vEmcKEQtwDwZYEEIRFBAKEQtwDwYSThQQUlYAVhINCgwEEEwCBhBOFBIZaBBCcXENBBgGA0gKdW5Xb1RtUm1QVBJnSkcXTEtrEg0KDAQQRgYGDHBoEhcGc3YKcA9sUFdtbRBMcAEKDQZsUFREUlNXEBYCBwJxCm5VbVNtUGNrEGFMcwoICA9hWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2NrEGERBgcGcQZzYVsQYQl3dXF0W25ucQ5xAgwIcQ0CeG15enluYX5pEGFwDQ16AHNzcHl4AAwGeHRhWRJ1c3YEaxBhc3NweXhhWRANdg0NfA==/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ziggo.Sport.4.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ziggo-sport-4-nl.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",Ziggo Sport 4 NL
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ziggo.Sport.5.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ziggo-sport-5-nl.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",Ziggo Sport 5 NL
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ziggo.Sport.nl" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/ziggo-sport-nl.png" group-title="NETHERLANDS",Ziggo Sport NL
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="bTVAction(src01).bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/btv-action-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",bTV Action Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="bTV.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/btv-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",bTV Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BTV.Lady.bg" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/btv-lady-bulgaria.png" group-title="BULGARIA",bTV Lady Bulgaria
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.1.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-1-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN SPORTS 1 France
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Beinsports.tr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-1.png" group-title="TURKEY",beIN SPORTS 1 Turkey
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.2.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-2-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN SPORTS 2 France
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Beinsports.2.tr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-2.png" group-title="TURKEY",beIN SPORTS 2 Turkey
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.3.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-3-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN SPORTS 3 France
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Beinsports.3.tr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-3.png" group-title="TURKEY",beIN SPORTS 3 Turkey
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Beinsports.4.tr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-4.png" group-title="TURKEY",beIN SPORTS 4 Turkey
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports1.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-1.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",beIN SPORTS Australia 1
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports2.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-2.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",beIN SPORTS Australia 2
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports3.au" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-3.png" group-title="AUSTRALIA",beIN SPORTS Australia 3
https://world-proxifier.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-axJhcA8PegBxcXB5egIMBnp2YVkQd3N2BmkQYXFxcHl6Y1kQD3QNDX4=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN_SPORTS_XTRA1_Digital_Mono_EN.bein" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-xtra.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN SPORTS XTRA 1
https://world-proxifier.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-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN_SPORTS_XTRA2_Digital_Mono_EN.bein" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-xtra.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN SPORTS XTRA 2
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-en-espa.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN SPORTS en Español
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEDBEhNEBYRThMXFBAGDRBEdHMCHXZtbwdQcg0QaWsQUlZTYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxSVlFsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-en-espa.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN SPORTS en Espa単ol
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEDBEhNEBYRThMXFBAGDRBEdHMCHXZWUlRXcg0QaWsQUlZTYWsQY3R1cwQCDgB0cw1hWxBhCXd1cXRbbm57BAxwDwR4bQ8EeAx0cm1zdmx7BgxybnFzBA4KdgxSVlFsDnAPcm0OUnRXYWsSYQkGAAUGc3ZhWRB-YRZ0BHNsQAoGD3VjWRBhTnB7Cg8NAm5WbW8QZQoRCXIPBloSQhEWEgoRCXIPBhBMFBBQVABWEA8KDAYSTAIEEk4UEBtoEEBzcQ0GGgYDSgh1blVtVG1Qb1BUEGVKRxVOS2sQDwoMBhJGBgQOcGgQFQZzdAhwD25SV21vEkxwAwgNBm5SVERQUVcQFAAHAnMIblVvUW1QYWkQYU5xCggKDWFZEGMJdXVzdFlubHEMcQAMCnEPAnpte3p7YWkQYRMEBwZzBHNhWRJhCXV3cXRZbG5xDHMCDApzDQJ6b3l6e2xhfmsSYXAPD3oAcXFweXoCDAZ6dmFZEHdzdgZpEGFxcXB5emNZEA90DQ1-/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.10.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-10-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 10 France
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.4.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-4-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 4 France
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.5.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-5-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 5 France
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.6.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-6-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 6 France
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.7.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-7-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 7 France
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.8.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-8-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 8 France
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beIN.SPORTS.MAX.9.fr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-max-9-france.png" group-title="FRANCE",beIN Sports MAX 9 France
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-1.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 1
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEDBEhNEBZxcHN3dBBMRk1AEFIQaWkSWFBhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubAVwDA5wUA8EeG0PBHgMdHJtc3ZsBXAMDnBQbnNzBg4Idg5YUm4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-2.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 2
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-3.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 3
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-4.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 4
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-5.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 5
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEDBEhNEBZxcHN3dBBMRk1AEFYQaWkSWFRhaRBhdHdzBgIMAHZzD2FZEGMJdXVzdFlubAVwDA5wUA8EeG0PBHgMdHJtc3ZsBXAMDnBQbnNzBg4Idg5YVm4OcA1wbQ5QdldhaRBhCQQCBQZxdGFZEnxhFnYGc2xCCAYPd2FZEGNMcHsIDQ0CbFRtbxJnChELcA8GWBBCERQQChELcA8GEk4UEFJWAFYSDQoMBBBMAgYQThQSGWgQQnFxDQQYBgNICnVuV29UbVJtUFQSZ0pHF0xLaxINCgwEEEYGBgxwaBIXBnN2CnAPbFBXbW0QTHABCg0GbFBURFJTVxAWAgcCcQpuVW1TbVBjaxBhTHMKCAgPYVkSYQl1d3F0WWxucQxzAgwKcw0Cem95entjaxBhEQYHBnEGc2FbEGEJd3VxdFtubnEOcQIMCHENAnhteXp5bmF-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-6.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 6
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-7.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 7
https://world-proxifier.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-aRBhcA0NegBzc3B5eAAMBnh0YVkSdXN2BGsQYXNzcHl4YVkQDXYNDXw=/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-8.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 8
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-9.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA 9
https://world-proxifier.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/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-mena-english-1.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA English 1
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-mena-english-2.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA English 2
https://world-proxifier.xyz/proxy/p/0002/fGEMBHphWRJhb29tUWFrEmF0BnF3CgQEAA8CDAZhWRJhBQIHBXoNCHcGUWNrEGEHBnQEcQpxdQhwD2FbEGEDBEhNEBZxcHN3dBBMRk1AEEYPCA0IdAkQUxBpaRJYb2FpEGF0d3MGAgwAdnMPYVkQYwl1dXN0WW5sewYMcg8GeG8PBngOdHBtcXZuewQMcG5zcwYOCHYOWG1uDnANcG0OUHZXYWkQYQkEAgUGcXRhWRJ8YRZ2BnNsQggGD3dhWRBjTHB7CA0NAmxUbW8SZwoRC3APBlgQQhEUEAoRC3APBhJOFBBSVgBWEg0KDAQQTAIGEE4UEhloEEJxcQ0EGAYDSAp1bldvVG1SbVBUEmdKRxdMS2sSDQoMBBBGBgYMcGgSFwZzdgpwD2xQV21tEExwAQoNBmxQVERSU1cQFgIHAnEKblVtU21QY2sQYUxzCggID2FZEmEJdXdxdFlsbnEMcwIMCnMNAnpveXp7Y2sQYREGBwZxBnNhWxBhCXd1cXRbbm5xDnECDAhxDQJ4bXl6eW5hfmkQYXANDXoAc3NweXgADAZ4dGFZEnVzdgRrEGFzc3B5eGFZEA12DQ18/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-mena-english-3.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA English 3
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-mena-premium-1.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA Premium 1
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-mena-premium-2.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA Premium 2
https://world-proxifier.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.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="test" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pigzillaaa/daddylive/refs/heads/main/logos/bein-sports-mena-premium-3.png" group-title="BEIN SPORT",beIN Sports MENA Premium 3
https://world-proxifier.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-axBjcA8NeABxc3J5egAOBnp0Y1kQdXF2BmsSYXFzcnl6YVsQD3YPDX4=/index.m3u8
EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="ttps://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTM3U#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTM3U#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTM3U#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTM3U#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTM3U#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="[<img alt="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png" height="170" title="مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg" height="170" title="مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, <img alt="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" class="post-thumb" data-src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" height="170" title="مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026" width="300"/>, 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjzIJ3IqWJ0eLtVfsacszCX0p7GPEwAEpPMHw0J6k7V_owdIGQprMYQuxqRgfbG9nhoUltOCsl0hCA78AtKJ7sTYGrA8Qt4TF1c_QO9rOE9y9xHUFMDYVJyZdtU-MdOnZ-0Xr8tbA6WIExCQ-vuYe3lG29YtXDLBoeHq_RC7Rz2Dl0EDGq5O_AofnXEjxrZ/w1600/images.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjxn0hSaMYmUoqxjoMu3jN_-MaEq4ddc6KXOKhOkU7tuKs-MrSnWGEzoxZssdy-230Awskk4-JbKs5W0vlv6RCErXG8qreAXKliR3h8_V8-YAQYh-oCZFb98PdTIuY8y_ieDbr9-L6R-VQ-2UHMfcpHXYPt2jmqRzcHc9A0wuzdCjElfIHrKuOnggsIra_L/w1600/emx.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiFx7rOe139Z76Zd5UO4iUyVN0LOflroQNhIGH16c_ltrzQ3GiKrDmOXo3RnD1c89iz3AZyWFf0YYAEAVt_9w7egiJHPFWkiFvUpig8XPXCIyUiDA5HskDE53nuvBmVxzEql7w5Act4gUjU9cxLWhOFi7ZR_QYSVVCFyCqGfF0X_D6hEhLhFfwhofAL3fns/w1600/image%20%282%29.png', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgVjjs1m0RrYu8hxEnAuR8raTvSQzzKgkcrkYoh2nCIXzfCs7JrgOBx3S2CkJnzt1t4sjaBmlnLLor6YEGxIJQXrUIZZQtqYxuxccR0pg4_H-DQB95GPXItI85bo-yJg1U9R91rayTHPtznJU2fxO4wm5WWYDiNS1orX-ZSIQ_v_ZG-S43Zpx-Kb69k-t_x/w1600/large%20%281%29.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgkH1LXu3JnGjQ5JEd8wGBScBI3gQppOh9hrEzbPtaxR9J8czLKLDj6bZAX9H1BC0HU7A29oXh-duZcISlpC6uO_vssW9HyOSmVSyvMPITLTJL3DTvJYfolEbs35BM-JOiEMxWcoERtoQuARzWbi-k1mLXiVgFon2SOu_Rh4VTxtyotp-BcriYJ4fwALdsm/w1600/85365823658423658423542354ASGOAL.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh7-slPo9ZE9oXQ4y0hNf61-YRgFidm8MSBAE-T00oniepfQ_bU4RL_JxSYwiKLFUtneK7JK0jhLCIlMy9JHJAzgxdBL4JfR5TT2p4rRr0fvboTlw6PjPI2-2iSMY6v1IitN2zVvnoDnCJAfJHgRmQ-8WQbj5-gl8zNuaEAnSLKP525fjce4Y6hWDG1RSNC/w1600/%D9%85%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A9%20%D8%AA%D8%B4%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%20%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%8A%D8%AA%D9%88%D9%86.jpg', 'https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp']" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTM3U#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3ju
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة كالياري و انتر ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc3jw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rby4s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة يوفنتوس و اتلانتا الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rby4q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rcd6u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ميلان و نابولي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rcd6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc4rg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برشلونة و ريال سوسيداد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc7cg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rc3w0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rc62i
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rayqw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="None" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و برايتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rayqu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9rawuc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiPvd718w4ux19XBiTP1DcvcmMAcSb6tr-Ic8VAnRlP9fNYB1kZgo42-9qdyXGkvBAgdEBRM3WhpafGZWTw3qCLcp7XX3eC6r5tQPHsBM78ANtfrk5fbuwBgxNH2IcoGAgH-mV4SCiLeo-WragHnyWtmVobiEAMq-LVtmoINib66VmAnve4SHP8b8MCk1nJ/w1600/WipeOut%D9%A4%D9%A7_%D9%A0%D9%A5_%D9%A2%D9%A0%D9%A2%D9%A3_%D9%A0%D9%A4%D9%A4%D9%A7%D9%A1%D9%A5.%D9%A8%D9%A5%D9%A5%D9%A0%D9%A0%D9%A0.webp" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برينتفورد و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9rawue

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91kk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91km
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91kk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91km
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91kk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91km
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91kk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاتحاد و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r91km
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o88
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o86
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o88
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o86
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o88
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o86
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o88
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و الاخدود الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6o86
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kk8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kka
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kk8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kka
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kk8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kka
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kk8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بورت فال و ارسنال كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kka
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة اتلتيكو مدريد و رايو فاليكانو الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6kfm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6k22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6m0k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6k22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6m0k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6k22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6m0k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6k22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ريال اوفييدو و برشلونة الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r6m0k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxuco
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qxu54
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwijy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qwfzw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qvyyk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ايفرتون الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qw20k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة بيرنلي و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7r6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qj7k4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhur2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ارسنال و نوتينغهام فوريست الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9qhvam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة برايتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prr74
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
//ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة نيوكاستل و ليفربول الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pfml2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة فولهام و مانشستر يونايتد الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pdn42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليدز و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pc6uy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر سيتي و توتنهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pbfvm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ويستهام و تشيلسي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pab6w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8bw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة توتنهام و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy8by
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/vi5wC9RqpxD2d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة تشيلسي و كريستال بالاس الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9oy2ss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/TLnX9d54aJjtw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://streamup.ws/W7CGoEflA9FgY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة وولفهامبتون و مانشستر سيتي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9owan6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة النصر و جدة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الوحدة و الاتحاد كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2k3u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفربول و ساوتهامبتون كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2cbo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2brg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2bri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2brg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2bri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2brg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2bri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2brg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة ليفانتي و ريال مدريد الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r2bri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297q
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الاهلي السعودي و بيراميدز ربع نهائي كاس القارات 2025
https://dai.ly/x9r297o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05ny
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05nw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05ny
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05nw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05ny
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05nw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05ny
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة مارسيليا و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9r05nw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04ti
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04tg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04ti
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04tg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04ti
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04tg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04ti
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="  " tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches",مباراة الهلال و العدالة كاس خادم الحرمين الشريفين 2026
https://dai.ly/x9r04tg


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 1
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep01-EnglishSubtitles.mp4


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 2
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep02-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 3
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep03-EnglishSubtitles.mp4


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 4
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep04-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 5
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep05-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 6

https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep06-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 7
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep07-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 8
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep08-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 9
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep09-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 10

https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep10-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 11

https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep11-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 12
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep11-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 13

https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep12-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 14
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep13-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 15

https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep14-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 16
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep16-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 17
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep17-EnglishSubtitles.mp4


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 18
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep18-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 19
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep19-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 20

https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep20-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 21
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep21-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 22
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep22-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 23
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep23-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 24
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep24-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 25
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep25-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 26
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep26-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 27
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep27-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 28
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep28-EnglishSubtitles.mp4


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 29


https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep29-EnglishSubtitles.mp4
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/2/2a/%D9%85%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84_%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%B1_%D8%A8%D9%86_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AE%D8%B7%D8%A7%D8%A8.jpg" group-title="مسلسل عمر",مسلسل عمر الحلقة 30
https://archive.org/download/MBC-Omar-Series/mbc1-omarseries-Ep30-EnglishSubtitles.mp4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbdulmajeedAbdullah.sa",Abdulmajeed Abdullah (1080p)
https://d2hng5r56zpsbw.cloudfront.net/out/v1/9c4c990f44bb4767bb46271f326dd574/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Aflam.sa",Aflam (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0044dd4b001a466c941ad77b04a574a2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa",Al Arabiya Al Hadath (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://av.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa",Al Ekhbariya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-al-ekhbaria/297b3ef1cd0633ad9cfba7473a686a06/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa",Al Ekhbariya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/al_ekhbariya/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa@SD",Al Hadath (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-hadath/2ff87ec4c2f3ede35295a20637d9f8fd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa",Al Hadath TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareemTV.sa",Al Quran Al Kareem TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_quran/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlResalah.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Al Resalah (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/risala_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRiyadhRadio.sa",Al Riyadh Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksariyadhradiolive/srpksariyadhradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-saudi-tv/2ad66056b51fd8c1b624854623112e43/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa@SD",Al Saudiya
http://trn03.bozztv.com/gin-sauditv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiyaAlaan.sa",Al Saudiya Alaan (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-ksa-now/71ed3aa814c643306c0a8bc4fcc7d17f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSunnahAlNabawiyahTV.sa",Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_sunnah/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdHolyQuran.sa",Al-Majd Holy Quran
https://edge66.magictvbox.com/liveApple/al_majd/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkhuzamaRadio.sa",Alkhuzama Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksakhuzamaradiolive/srpkhuzama/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDiscovery.sa",Asharq Discovery (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdiscoverylive/asharqd.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDocumentary.sa",Asharq Documentary (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdocumentarylive/asharqdocumentary.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0b75ef0a49e24704a4ca023d3a82c2df/ap-south-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-asharq/10ae30c64e21402c8116a7fb1e5aa789/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNewsPortrait.sa",Asharq News Portrait (1280p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ed81ac1118414d4fa893d3a83ccec9be/eu-central-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqRadio.sa",Asharq Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqradiovlive/asharqradiov/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5d658d7e9f562.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BabAlHara.sa",Bab Al Hara (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/948c54279b594944adde578c95f1d7d1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fairuz.sa",Fairuz (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/bba3ef00b71b470fa955d93a9ca8c277/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaArabic.sa",Iqraa Arabic (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaQuran.sa",Iqraa Quran (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LBC.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",LBC (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/lbc_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MPlus.sa@SD",M+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/m-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MajidAlMohandis.sa",Majid Al Mohandis (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/8e2419c6c7494dbba478be025af490ee/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MakkahTV.sa",Makkah TV (576p)
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8122/8122/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Maraya.sa",Maraya (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/a4a39d8e92e34b0780ca602270a59512/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCGaming.sa",MBC Gaming (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8ae5c35ffc5247a58e71a5c86dd31ad6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCLoud.sa",MBC Loud (1080p)
https://d2lfa0y84k5bwn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/86dd4506a70c4d7fb35e2ab50296d9a3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasrDrama.sa",MBC Masr Drama (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/08eca926a78a41339b8010c882410307/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPlusDrama.sa",MBC+ Drama (1080p)
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MohammedAbdo.sa",Mohammed Abdo (1080p)
https://d2ow8h651gs7dx.cloudfront.net/out/v1/371fb663da604e659a2fb99bf89d92d4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesAction.sa",Movies Action (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/46079e838e65490c8299f902a7731168/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesThriller.sa",Movies Thriller (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f6d718e841f8442f8374de47f18c93a7/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NidaeAlIslamRadio.sa",Nidae AlIslam Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksanedaradiolive/srpksanedaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PanoramaFM.sa",Panorama FM (1080p)
https://d6izdil55uftn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0a06d1d6377c47edbd48721ed724bd08/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranRadio.sa",Quran Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksaquranradiolive/srpksaquranradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RabehSaqer.sa",Rabeh Saqer (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/ea4275b6dc0840c198c17f6dc6f1ec49/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ramez.sa",Ramez (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0ef83323c0374a1187c182645db2a45f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RashidAlMajed.sa",Rashid AlMajed (1080p)
https://dphwv2ufgnfsq.cloudfront.net/out/v1/59cd80dfe93a479eb8b4d79bc6f225ca/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaAflamPlus.sa",Rotana Aflam+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/rotana-aflam-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/9527a892aeaf43019fd9eeb77ad1516e/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/cinema_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa",Rotana Classic (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0debf5648e584e5fb795c3611c5c0252/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Classic (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/classical_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClip.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Clip (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/clip_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaComedy.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Comedy (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/comedy_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaDrama.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Drama (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/drama_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaFMKSA.sa",Rotana FM KSA (720p)
rtmp://live.restream.io/pull/play_320121_94512612fd0e084bd284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKhalijia.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Khalijia (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/khaleejiya_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaMusic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Music (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/music_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiThaqafiyaTV.sa",Saudi Thaqafiya TV (1080p)
https://thaqafeyyah-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/f6851f68ada94f82ae6b64a441eb5ab1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiaRadio.sa",Saudia Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksasaudiaradiolive/srpksasaudiaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBC.sa",SBC (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-sbc/90e09c0c28db26435799b4a14892a167/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaAfricaEurope.sa@SD",Iqraa Africa & Europe (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.qa",Al Maaref (350p)
https://672a3a5c8e335.streamlock.net/AlMaaref/smil:almaareflive.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bahry.kw",Bahry (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/bahry1live/bahry1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ch4Teen.kw@SD",Ch4Teen
https://ch14.tv/live/ch4teenclip/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (1080p)
https://kwtktv1ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv1/smil:ktv1.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/kuwait_tv1/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV2.kw",KTV 2 (1080p)
https://kwtktv2ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv2/smil:ktv2.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVAlQurain.kw",KTV Al Qurain (1080p)
https://kwtktvaqta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktvaq/smil:tktvaq.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVArabe.kw",KTV Arabe (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:tktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
https://kwtethta.cdn.mangomolo.com/eth/smil:eth.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtkbta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:ktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSport.kw",KTV Sport (1080p)
https://kwtspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/sp/smil:sp.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/spl/smil:spl.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MarinaTV.kw",Marina TV (1080p)
https://ffs.gulfsat.com/Marina-TV-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiAloula.ae@SD",Abu Dhabi Aloula (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiEmirates.ae@SD",Abu Dhabi Emirates (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/EmiratesChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports1.ae",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports2.ae",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiTV.ae@SD",Abu Dhabi TV
http://dvrfl05.bozztv.com/gin-abudhabitv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AjmanTV.ae",Ajman TV (1080p)
https://cdn1.logichost.in/ajmantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae",Al Arabiya (1080p)
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alarabiya.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae",Al Arabiya (1080p)
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f5f319206ed740f9a831f2097c2ead23/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabiyaBusiness.ae",Al Arabiya Business (1080p)
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/aswaaq.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabiyaPrograms.ae",Al Arabiya Programs (1080p)
https://d1j4r34gq3qw9y.cloudfront.net/out/v1/96804f3a14864641a21c25e8ca9afb74/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlDafrahTV.ae",Al Dafrah TV (720p)
https://rtmp-live-ingest-eu-west-3-universe-dacast-com.akamaized.net/transmuxv1/streams/dbb8ac05-a020-784c-3a95-6ed027941532.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMashhad.ae",Al Mashhad (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/rbcb04b715757430f92099ecc84ca472f/ap-south-1/6313884884001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQamarTV.ae",Al Qamar TV (1080p)
https://streamer3.premio.link/alqamar/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlShallalTV.ae",Al Shallal TV (1080p)
https://amg01480-alshallalfze-alshallal-ono-q0hfg.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSharqiyaMinKabla.ae",Al Sharqiya Min Kabla (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/kablatvlive/kabtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlWoustaTV.ae",Al Wousta TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alwoustalive/alwoustatv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlYaumTV.ae",Al Yaum TV (1080p)
https://iko-live.akamaized.net/AlyuamTV/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae",Alarabiya (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f5f319206ed740f9a831f2097c2ead23/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BaynounahTV.ae@SD",Baynounah TV (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/Baynounah/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNBCArabiya.ae",CNBC Arabiya (1080p)
https://cnbc-live.akamaized.net/cnbc/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiOne.ae",Dubai One (1080p)
https://dminnvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaione/smil:dubaione.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing.ae",Dubai Racing (1080p)
https://dmisdracta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/events/smil:events.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing2.ae",Dubai Racing 2 (1080p)
https://dmithrvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing3.ae",Dubai Racing 3 (1080p)
https://dmithrvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports1.ae",Dubai Sports 1 (1080p)
https://dmidspta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports2.ae",Dubai Sports 2 (720p)
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports3.ae",Dubai Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiTV.ae",Dubai TV (1080p)
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaitvht/smil:dubaitv.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiZaman.ae",Dubai Zaman (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmiffthftl.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaizaman/smil:dubaizaman.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FujairahTV.ae",Fujairah TV (720p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/fujairahlive/fujairah.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Majid.ae@SD",Majid (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/MajidChildrenChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-1-na/eec141533c90dd34722c503a296dd0d8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC2.ae",MBC 2 (576p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a05k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC4.ae@SD",MBC 4 (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-4/24f134f1cd63db9346439e96b86ca6ed/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC5.ae@SD",MBC 5 (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-5/ee6b000cee0629411b666ab26cb13e9b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCBollywood.ae@SD",MBC Bollywood (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-bollywood/546eb40d7dcf9a209255dd2496903764/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCDrama.ae",MBC Drama KSA (1080p)
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/b0b3a0e6750d4408bb86d703d5feffd1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCFM.ae",MBC FM (1080p)
https://dbbv9umqcd7cs.cloudfront.net/out/v1/db15b75c3cc0400c91961468d6a232ac/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCFM.ae",MBC FM (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-fm/3f36f7db6086acf058dc51681c87f8ad/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasr.eg",MBC Masr 1 (1080p)
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/d5036cabf11e45bf9d0db410ca135c18/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPersia.ae",MBC Persia (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-persia/818ee8e4b592dc497608f066d825bfb4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPersia.ae",MBC Persia (720p)
https://hls.mbcpersia.live/hls/stream.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicAbuDhabi.ae",National Geographic Abu Dhabi (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/NationalGeographicHDChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NoorDubai.ae",Noor Dubai (1080p)
https://dmiffthftl.cdn.mangomolo.com/noordubaitv/smil:noordubaitv.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NourTV.ae",Nour TV
https://cdn.bestream.io:19360/elfaro4/elfaro4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVBangla.ae",Peace TV Bangla (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvBangla/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVChinese.ae",Peace TV Chinese (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvChinese/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVEnglish.ae",Peace TV English (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvEnglish/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVUrdu.ae",Peace TV Urdu (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvUrdu/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Pulse95Radio.ae",Pulse95 Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/pulse95live/pulse96/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SamaDubai.ae",Sama Dubai (1080p)
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/samadubaiht/smil:samadubai.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sharjah2.ae",Sharjah 2 (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc2live/smc2tv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahRadio.ae",Sharjah Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smcradiolive/smcradiolive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahRadioQuran.ae",Sharjah Radio Quran (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/smcquranlive/quranradiolive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae",Sharjah Sports (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4tv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae@SD",Sharjah Sports (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahTV.ae",Sharjah TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc1live/smc1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahTV.ae",Sharjah TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/sharjah_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyNewsArabia.ae",Sky News Arabia (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream.skynewsarabia.com/ott/ott.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyNewsArabia.ae",Sky News Arabia (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream.skynewsarabia.com/hls/sna.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyNewsArabiaVertical.ae",Sky News Arabia (Portrait) (1280p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream.skynewsarabia.com/vertical/vertical.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SpacetoonArabic.ae",Spacetoon Arabic (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-spacetoon/d8382fb9ab4b2307058f12c7ea90db54/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Wanasah.ae",Wanasah (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-wanasah/13e82ea6232fa647c43b26e8a41f173d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WatarRadio.ae",Watar Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smcwatarlive/smcwatar/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="YasTV.ae@SD",Yas TV (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/YASSportsChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicAbuDhabi.ae@HD",National Geographic Abu Dhabi HD (1080p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a05a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae@SD",Alarabiya
https://viamotionhsi.netplus.ch/live/eds/alarabiya/browser-HLS8/alarabiya.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae@SD",Alarabiya
https://viamotionhsi.netplus.ch/live/eds/alarabiya/browser-dash/alarabiya.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCAction.ae@SD",MBC Action (576p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a05l
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.qa",Al Maaref (350p)
https://672a3a5c8e335.streamlock.net/AlMaaref/smil:almaareflive.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bahry.kw",Bahry (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/bahry1live/bahry1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ch4Teen.kw@SD",Ch4Teen
https://ch14.tv/live/ch4teenclip/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (1080p)
https://kwtktv1ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv1/smil:ktv1.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/kuwait_tv1/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV2.kw",KTV 2 (1080p)
https://kwtktv2ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv2/smil:ktv2.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVAlQurain.kw",KTV Al Qurain (1080p)
https://kwtktvaqta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktvaq/smil:tktvaq.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVArabe.kw",KTV Arabe (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:tktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
https://kwtethta.cdn.mangomolo.com/eth/smil:eth.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtkbta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:ktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSport.kw",KTV Sport (1080p)
https://kwtspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/sp/smil:sp.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/spl/smil:spl.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MarinaTV.kw",Marina TV (1080p)
https://ffs.gulfsat.com/Marina-TV-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa@SD",Al Araby TV (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/alaraby1live/alaraby_abr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa",Al Araby TV (1080p)
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=5616
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa@SD",Al Araby TV 2 (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/alaraby2live/alaraby2.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa",Al Araby TV 2 (1080p)
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=5617
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aja-fa.getaj.net/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aja-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aja-fa.thehlive.com/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (720p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/al-jazeera/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera Arabic (1080p)
https://live-hls-v3-aja.getaj.net/AJA-V3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera Arabic (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aja.getaj.net/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraBalkans.ba",Al Jazeera Balkans (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajb.getaj.net/AJB/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-apps-ajd-fa.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-apps-ajd-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-web-ajd-fa.thehlive.com/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-web-ajd.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/al-jazeera-english/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aje-fa.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aje-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-v3-aje.getaj.net/AJE-V3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aje-fa.thehlive.com/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aje.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English
https://d1cy85syyhvqz5.cloudfront.net/v1/master/7b67fbda7ab859400a821e9aa0deda20ab7ca3d2/aljazeeraLive/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm-fa.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm-fa.thehlive.com/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher24.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher 24 (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm24-fa.getaj.net/AJM24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher24.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher 24 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm24-fa.getaj.net/AJM24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher24.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher 24 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm24-fa.thehlive.com/AJM24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasherBroadcast2.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher Broadcast 2 (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm2-fa.getaj.net/AJM2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasherBroadcast2.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher Broadcast 2 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm2-fa.getaj.net/AJM2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasherBroadcast2.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher Broadcast 2 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm2-fa.thehlive.com/AJM2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanTV.qa",Al Rayyan (1080p)
https://alrayyancdn.vidgyor.com/pub-noalrayy3pwz0l/liveabr/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanOldTV.qa",Al Rayyan Al Qadeem (1080p)
https://alrayyancdn.vidgyor.com/pub-nooldraybinbdh/liveabr/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanOldTV.qa",Al Rayyan Old TV (720p)
https://streamer7.qna.org.qa/148136781_live/148136781_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanTV.qa",Al Rayyan TV (720p)
https://streamer7.qna.org.qa/148136749_live/148136749_296.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa",Alaraby 2 TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby2n/smil:alaraby2n.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa",Alaraby 2 TV (1080p)
https://origin-cae-t482536.cdn.nextologies.com/63d8c759c5db83b4/25c4f89d27a79014ALA2306/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa",Alaraby TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby/smil:alaraby.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa",Alaraby TV (1080p)
https://origin-cae-t482536.cdn.nextologies.com/6837800d47c40cb2/1544c5accd8e84d5ALA2306/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassFive.qa",Alkass Five (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass5azq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassFour.qa",Alkass Four (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass4azq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassOne.qa",Alkass One (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass1muytrdc/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassSHOOF.qa",Alkass SHOOF (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass6Shoof1ab/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassSix.qa",Alkass Six (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass6buzay/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassThree.qa",Alkass Three (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass3vakazq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassThree.qa",Alkass Three (720p)
https://streamer2.qna.org.qa/148161470_live/148161470_296.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassTwo.qa",Alkass Two (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass2hefazq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassTwo.qa",Alkass Two (720p)
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133202_live/148133202_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision.qa",Qatar Television (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/qtv1live/qtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision.qa",Qatar Television (720p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026573/qtv1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision.qa",Qatar Television (720p)
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133273_live/148133273_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision2.qa",Qatar Television 2 (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/qtv2live/qtv2.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision2.qa",Qatar Television 2 (720p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026574/qtv2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision2.qa",Qatar Television 2 (720p)
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133344_live/148133344_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English
https://viamotionhsi.netplus.ch/live/eds/aljazeera/browser-HLS8/aljazeera.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa@HD",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a06h

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ريال مدريد و مايوركا الدوري الاسباني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqaw4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9ppc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9popuq
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9ppc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9popuq
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9ppc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9popuq
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9ppc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة التعاون و النصر الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9popuq
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomki
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomkk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomki
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomkk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomki
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomkk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomki
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليتشي و ميلان الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pomkk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الهلال و الرياض الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pofk4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة الاهلي و نيوم الدوري السعودي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pmewa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46s
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة غريمسبي و مانشستر يونايتد كاس الرابطة الانجليزية 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pk46w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu78
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu7a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu78
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu7a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu78
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu7a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu78
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ميلان و كريمونيزي الدوري الايطالي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pgu7a

#EXTINF:-0 tvg-id=""   tvg-logo="" group-title="Movies", 1911 Revolution 2011
https://archive.org/download/www.arabp-2p.net-blu-ray-1080p-h.-265/%5B%D9%90Jackie%20Chan%5D%5BBluRay%2CWEB-DL%5D%5B1080p%5D%5BH.265%5D%5BFull%20Pack%5D/1911%20Revolution%202011%20Chinese%201080p%20BluRay%20H.265.mp4

#EXTINF:-0 tvg-id=""   tvg-logo="" group-title="Movies",A Touch Of Zen 1971 
https://archive.org/download/www.arabp-2p.net-blu-ray-1080p-h.-265/%5B%D9%90Jackie%20Chan%5D%5BBluRay%2CWEB-DL%5D%5B1080p%5D%5BH.265%5D%5BFull%20Pack%5D/A%20Touch%20Of%20Zen%201971%20Chinese%201080p%20BluRay%20H.265.mp4

#EXTINF:-0 tvg-id=""   tvg-logo="" group-title="Movies",Armour of God 1 Operation Condor 1986 
https://archive.org/download/www.arabp-2p.net-blu-ray-1080p-h.-265/%5B%D9%90Jackie%20Chan%5D%5BBluRay%2CWEB-DL%5D%5B1080p%5D%5BH.265%5D%5BFull%20Pack%5D/Armour%20of%20God%201%20Operation%20Condor%201986%201080p%20BluRay%20Chinese%20H.265.mp4

#EXTINF:-0 tvg-id=""   tvg-logo="" group-title="Movies",Around The World In 80 Days 2004
https://archive.org/download/www.arabp-2p.net-blu-ray-1080p-h.-265/%5B%D9%90Jackie%20Chan%5D%5BBluRay%2CWEB-DL%5D%5B1080p%5D%5BH.265%5D%5BFull%20Pack%5D/Around%20The%20World%20In%2080%20Days%202004%201080p%20BluRay%20H.265.mp4

#EXTINF:-0 tvg-id=""   tvg-logo="" group-title="Movies", The Karate Kid 2010
https://archive.org/download/www.arabp-2p.net-blu-ray-1080p-h.-265/%5B%D9%90Jackie%20Chan%5D%5BBluRay%2CWEB-DL%5D%5B1080p%5D%5BH.265%5D%5BFull%20Pack%5D/The%20Karate%20Kid%202010%201080p%20BluRay%20H.265%20Jackie%20Chan.mp4



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbdulmajeedAbdullah.sa",Abdulmajeed Abdullah (1080p)
https://d2hng5r56zpsbw.cloudfront.net/out/v1/9c4c990f44bb4767bb46271f326dd574/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Aflam.sa",Aflam (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0044dd4b001a466c941ad77b04a574a2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa",Al Arabiya Al Hadath (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://av.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa",Al Ekhbariya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-al-ekhbaria/297b3ef1cd0633ad9cfba7473a686a06/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa",Al Ekhbariya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/al_ekhbariya/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa@SD",Al Hadath (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-hadath/2ff87ec4c2f3ede35295a20637d9f8fd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa",Al Hadath TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareemTV.sa",Al Quran Al Kareem TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_quran/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlResalah.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Al Resalah (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/risala_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRiyadhRadio.sa",Al Riyadh Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksariyadhradiolive/srpksariyadhradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-saudi-tv/2ad66056b51fd8c1b624854623112e43/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa@SD",Al Saudiya
http://trn03.bozztv.com/gin-sauditv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiyaAlaan.sa",Al Saudiya Alaan (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-ksa-now/71ed3aa814c643306c0a8bc4fcc7d17f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSunnahAlNabawiyahTV.sa",Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_sunnah/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdHolyQuran.sa",Al-Majd Holy Quran
https://edge66.magictvbox.com/liveApple/al_majd/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkhuzamaRadio.sa",Alkhuzama Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksakhuzamaradiolive/srpkhuzama/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDiscovery.sa",Asharq Discovery (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdiscoverylive/asharqd.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDocumentary.sa",Asharq Documentary (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdocumentarylive/asharqdocumentary.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0b75ef0a49e24704a4ca023d3a82c2df/ap-south-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-asharq/10ae30c64e21402c8116a7fb1e5aa789/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNewsPortrait.sa",Asharq News Portrait (1280p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ed81ac1118414d4fa893d3a83ccec9be/eu-central-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqRadio.sa",Asharq Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqradiovlive/asharqradiov/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5d658d7e9f562.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BabAlHara.sa",Bab Al Hara (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/948c54279b594944adde578c95f1d7d1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fairuz.sa",Fairuz (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/bba3ef00b71b470fa955d93a9ca8c277/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaArabic.sa",Iqraa Arabic (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaQuran.sa",Iqraa Quran (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LBC.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",LBC (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/lbc_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MPlus.sa@SD",M+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/m-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MajidAlMohandis.sa",Majid Al Mohandis (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/8e2419c6c7494dbba478be025af490ee/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MakkahTV.sa",Makkah TV (576p)
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8122/8122/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Maraya.sa",Maraya (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/a4a39d8e92e34b0780ca602270a59512/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCGaming.sa",MBC Gaming (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8ae5c35ffc5247a58e71a5c86dd31ad6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCLoud.sa",MBC Loud (1080p)
https://d2lfa0y84k5bwn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/86dd4506a70c4d7fb35e2ab50296d9a3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasrDrama.sa",MBC Masr Drama (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/08eca926a78a41339b8010c882410307/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPlusDrama.sa",MBC+ Drama (1080p)
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MohammedAbdo.sa",Mohammed Abdo (1080p)
https://d2ow8h651gs7dx.cloudfront.net/out/v1/371fb663da604e659a2fb99bf89d92d4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesAction.sa",Movies Action (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/46079e838e65490c8299f902a7731168/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesThriller.sa",Movies Thriller (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f6d718e841f8442f8374de47f18c93a7/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NidaeAlIslamRadio.sa",Nidae AlIslam Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksanedaradiolive/srpksanedaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PanoramaFM.sa",Panorama FM (1080p)
https://d6izdil55uftn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0a06d1d6377c47edbd48721ed724bd08/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranRadio.sa",Quran Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksaquranradiolive/srpksaquranradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RabehSaqer.sa",Rabeh Saqer (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/ea4275b6dc0840c198c17f6dc6f1ec49/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ramez.sa",Ramez (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0ef83323c0374a1187c182645db2a45f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RashidAlMajed.sa",Rashid AlMajed (1080p)
https://dphwv2ufgnfsq.cloudfront.net/out/v1/59cd80dfe93a479eb8b4d79bc6f225ca/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaAflamPlus.sa",Rotana Aflam+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/rotana-aflam-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/9527a892aeaf43019fd9eeb77ad1516e/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/cinema_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa",Rotana Classic (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0debf5648e584e5fb795c3611c5c0252/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Classic (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/classical_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClip.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/"group-title="SAUDI" ,Rotana Clip (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/clip_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaComedy.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/"group-title="SAUDI",Rotana Comedy (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/comedy_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaDrama.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/"group-title="SAUDI",Rotana Drama (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/drama_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaFMKSA.sa",Rotana FM KSA (720p)
rtmp://live.restream.io/pull/play_320121_94512612fd0e084bd284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKhalijia.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Khalijia (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/khaleejiya_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaMusic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Music (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/music_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiThaqafiyaTV.sa",Saudi Thaqafiya TV (1080p)
https://thaqafeyyah-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/f6851f68ada94f82ae6b64a441eb5ab1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiaRadio.sa",Saudia Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksasaudiaradiolive/srpksasaudiaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBC.sa",SBC (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-sbc/90e09c0c28db26435799b4a14892a167/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaAfricaEurope.sa@SD",Iqraa Africa & Europe (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.qa",Al Maaref (350p)
https://672a3a5c8e335.streamlock.net/AlMaaref/smil:almaareflive.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bahry.kw",Bahry (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/bahry1live/bahry1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ch4Teen.kw@SD",Ch4Teen
https://ch14.tv/live/ch4teenclip/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (1080p)
https://kwtktv1ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv1/smil:ktv1.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/kuwait_tv1/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV2.kw",KTV 2 (1080p)
https://kwtktv2ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv2/smil:ktv2.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVAlQurain.kw"group-title="SAUDI",KTV Al Qurain (1080p)
https://kwtktvaqta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktvaq/smil:tktvaq.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVArabe.kw"group-title="SAUDI",KTV Arabe (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:tktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw"group-title="SAUDI",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
https://kwtethta.cdn.mangomolo.com/eth/smil:eth.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw"group-title="SAUDI",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtkbta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:ktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSport.kw",KTV Sport (1080p)
https://kwtspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/sp/smil:sp.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/spl/smil:spl.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MarinaTV.kw",Marina TV (1080p)
https://ffs.gulfsat.com/Marina-TV-HD/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s107QNv/araby2.png" group-title="Saudi",AL ALARABY 2
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby2n/smil:alaraby2n.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s107QNv/araby2.png" group-title="Saudi",AL ALARABY 2
https://alarabyta.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby2n/smil:alaraby2n.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s107QNv/araby2.png" group-title="Saudi",AL ALARABY 2
https://live.kwikmotion.com/alaraby2live/alaraby2.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XVGL3qH/alaan.png" group-title="Saudi",AL AAN TV
https://shls-live-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/dfbdea4c1bf149629764e58c6ff314c8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HVLDcrR/abudhabi.png" group-title="Saudi",ABU DHABI
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yV6Jhjg/alemarat.png" group-title="Saudi",AL EMARAT
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/EmiratesChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L61bf70/adspts.png" group-title="Saudi",ABU DHABI SPORTS 1
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L61bf70/adspts.png",ABU DHABI SPORTS 2
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Q6tZWdh/yas.png",YAS TV
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/YASSportsChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GdpWZ7h/baynounah.png",BAYNOUNAH TV
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/Baynounah/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Dr7jn2L/baynounah.png",BAYNOUNAH TV
https://baynounah.cdn.mangomolo.com/btv/smil:btv.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/b2KHBPn/halalnd.png",HALA LONDON
https://halalondon-live.ercdn.net/halalondon/halalondon.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mCBL5fNk/lybiawat.jpg",LIBYA WATANYA
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/libya_al_watanya/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Y5YD5KH/Libya-ahrar.png" referer="https://player.castr.com/",LIBYA AHRAR
https://stream.castr.com/64490fcefe045f1b63012886/live_8c1539b0eb6c11eda9f0c7bd90506d4f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qJ7qVTF/Al-Mamlaka.png",AL MAMLKA
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/4109c7ba30fd4a44ad9afe917c67a8c8/eu-central-1/6415809151001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5LvvstB/elshasha.png",SYDAT EL SHASHA
https://daiconnect.com/live/hls/rotana/selshasha/.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/b6ZvV2r/fujairah.png",FUJAIRAH TV
https://live.kwikmotion.com/fujairahlive/fujairah.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV
https://royatv-live.daioncdn.net/royatv/royatv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3mfSV6R6/almasar.jpg",AL MASAR
https://starmenajo.com/hls/almasar/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DtWPcjN/alw.png",ALAWLA TV
https://63b03f7689049.streamlock.net/live/1tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HtKQ15z/alw1.png",ALAWLA TV
https://63b03f7689049.streamlock.net/live/_definst_/1tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Lh6wp1q4/assirat.png",ASSIRAT
https://softverse.b-cdn.net/Assirat/assiratobs/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nnQnFjg/sharjahtv.png",SHARJAH TV
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc1live/smc1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nnQnFjg/sharjahtv.png",SHARJAH TV
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/sharjah_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7KSJQYX/sharjah2.png",SHARJAH TV 2
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc2live/smc2tv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1bpYYZ2/shrspt.png",SHARJAH TV SPORTS
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YJxjtKS/maraya.jpg",MARAYA SHARJAH
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/a4a39d8e92e34b0780ca602270a59512/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x8ftqHr/qattv.png",QATAR TV
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026573/qtv1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x8ftqHr/qattv.png",QATAR TV
https://live.kwikmotion.com/qtv1live/qtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x8ftqHr/qattv.png",QATAR TV
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133273_live/148133273_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4qNK42/qattv2.png",QATAR TV 2
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133344_live/148133344_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4qNK42/qattv2.png",QATAR TV 2
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026574/qtv2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4qNK42/qattv2.png",QATAR TV 2
https://live.kwikmotion.com/qtv2live/qtv2.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d58T05P/Syria-tv.jpg",SYRIA TV
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/syriatvlive/syriatv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d58T05P/Syria-tv.jpg",SYRIA TV
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=6017
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d58T05P/Syria-tv.jpg",SYRIA TV
https://live.kwikmotion.com/syriatvlive/syriatv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0kQdg9X/syria2.png",SYRIA TV 2
https://live.kwikmotion.com/syriatv02live/syriatv02.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XrC6F6JW/salam.png",SALAM
https://amsart-live.ercdn.net/salamtv/salamtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/QPv27Qc/wtw.jpg" referer="https://alwasat.ly/",AL WASAT TV
https://alwasattv.hibridcdn.net/alwasattv/alwasat_abr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dp728rg/rayan.png",AL RAYYAN
https://alrayyancdn.vidgyor.com/pub-nooldraybinbdh/liveabr/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dp728rg/rayan.png",AL RAYYAN
https://streamer7.qna.org.qa/148136749_live/148136749_296.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n333gP9/rayanqdm.png",AL RAYYAN QADEEM
https://streamer7.qna.org.qa/148136781_live/148136781_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n333gP9/rayanqdm.png",AL RAYYAN QADEEM
https://alrayyancdn.vidgyor.com/pub-noalrayy3pwz0l/liveabr/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gZKY6Tn/almanar.png",AL MANAR
https://edge.fastpublish.me/live/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mN2JhVS/alghad.png",AL GHAD TV
https://eazyvwqssi.erbvr.com/alghadtv/alghadtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mN2JhVS/alghad.png",AL GHAD PLUS
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/ykvm3f2fhokwxqsurp9xcg/alghad-plus/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/4Vfg55v/almasira.png",AL MASIRA
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/almasiralive/almasira.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zGHHGbj/alkhalij.jpg",AL KHALIJ TV
https://mn-nl.mncdn.com/khalij/khalij/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MG43H4H/hala.png",PANET 30 HALA
https://live1.panet.co.il/edge_abr/halaTV/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MG43H4H/hala.png",PANET 30 HALA
https://gstream4.panet.co.il/edge/halaTV/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/fqTYrGY/33.png",KAN 33 MAKAN
https://makan.media.kan.org.il/hls/live/2024680/2024680/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/SYvz5YT/masriya.jpg",AL MASRIYA TV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fraudiay79/strm/refs/heads/main/platforms/links/masriya.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qMm9t2ZK/niletv.png",NILE TV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fraudiay79/strm/refs/heads/main/platforms/links/niletv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/S6xK2x9/aone.jpg",A ONE
http://master.starmena-cloud.com/hls/a1jo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qMyBBdb/kab.png",KAB 1
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/kablatvlive/kabtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/fFZ3kZj/alwousta.png",AL WOUSTA
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alwoustalive/alwoustatv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5TZPHf6/atfal.jpg",ATFAL
https://5d658d7e9f562.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sKJGV9q/Ajman.jpg",AJMAN TV
https://cdn1.logichost.in/ajmantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Y7PcRQCG/sudan.png",SUDAN TV
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/sudan_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/svNjxMqW/dabanga.png",DABANGA
https://hls.dabangasudan.org/hls/stream.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vm3481D/amman.png",AMMAN TV
https://ammantv-live.ercdn.net/ammantvhd/ammantvhd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C2c1NJN/alraimedia.png",ALRAIMEDIA
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alraitvlive/alraitv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C2c1NJN/alraimedia.png",ALRAIMEDIA
https://new.cache-stream.workers.dev/stream/UCTny7s_VPsTS_TtnWIlJF6w/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0mtj39x/Mekameleen.png",MEKAMELEEN
http://mn-nl.mncdn.com/mekameleen/smil:mekameleentv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/kDhcymF/ifilm.png",IFILM AR
https://live.presstv.ir/hls/ifilmar_4_482/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/kDhcymF/ifilm.png",IFILM AR
https://ncdn.telewebion.com/ifilmar/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/d/df/Kalemny_Shokran_Poster.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Arabic Movies",فيلم كلمـني شـكرا
https://dai.ly/x8o8ftt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcStOEYhGq9h6PnxSVqE8pKcV6dj2Flw-gfwdA&s" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Arabic Movies",فيلم كتكوت
https://dai.ly/x8p3e9l
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/6/67/Bobbos_Poster.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Arabic Movies",فيلم بوبوس
https://dai.ly/x8liii2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/3/3a/%D8%AA%D8%AD%D8%AA_%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AA%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%A8%D9%8A%D8%B2%D8%A9_%28%D9%81%D9%8A%D9%84%D9%85%29.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Arabic Movies",فيلم تحت التربيزه
https://dai.ly/x8hmbir
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ar/0/0e/Askar_Fi_El-Mu%27askar_Poster.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Arabic Movies",فيلم عسكر في المعسكر 
https://dai.ly/x8gshex
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BMTIyODE5MzIyN15BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwMzAxODQ5._V1_.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Jackie Chan Movies",فيلم Police story 1 
https://dai.ly/x94u0wc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BMTg0MzQ3NTQ3OF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwODg4MTQ5._V1_.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Jackie Chan Movies",فيلم Police story 2 
https://dai.ly/x94u0we
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.fortunestarmedia.com/images/posters/GH250_Super%20Cop_04.jpg" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Jackie Chan Movies",فيلم Police story 3 
https://dai.ly/x94k7bk

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gZ1q6zP9/ontve.png",ON E
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/3dc60bab470f4c9fbf00408ecb7c3d7a/eu-west-1/6057955906001/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mVPZh6Gz/Aliraqia.jpg",AL IRAQIA
https://cdn.catiacast.video/abr/8d2ffb0aba244e8d9101a9488a7daa05/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/99cj3D4g/Masirah.jpg",AL MASIRAH
https://live.cdnbridge.tv/Almasirah/Almasirah_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FqKgpZKq/Alnahrain.png",AL NAHRAIN
https://stream.alnahrain.tv/AlnahrainTV/tracks-v1/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HCZGRZk/bahraintv.png",BAHRAIN TV
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahraintvmain_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HCZGRZk/bahraintv.png",BAHRAIN TV INT
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahraininternational_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M9MzqDm/bedaya.png",BEDAYA TV
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/97427be47b79457b9ca245e22a8db23a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sdcTsN33/alsahat.png",AL SAHAT
https://assahat.b-cdn.net/Assahat/assahatobs/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1tXkQTsV/hqeqa.jpg",AL HQEQA
https://ghaasiflu.online/alhqeqa/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JFnhmCJD/fadjer.jpg",AL FADJER
https://stream.wsla.top/play/1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qYF39XdD/seraj.webp",AL SERAJ
https://64c53df624b1b.servers.dvcloud.tv/hls/feedspare/6udfi7v8a3eof6nlps6e9ovfrs65c7l7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tx9jXnrS/elbalad.png",EL BALAD
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fraudiay79/strm/refs/heads/main/platforms/links/elbaladtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FLLRFNxd/ertu1.jpg",ERTU 1
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fraudiay79/strm/refs/heads/main/platforms/links/ertu1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/R4b5j6xQ/adenym.jpg",ADEN TV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fraudiay79/strm/refs/heads/main/platforms/links/adentv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mCVgF7j7/hadra.png",HADRHRAMAUT
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fraudiay79/strm/refs/heads/main/platforms/links/hadhramaut.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DtWPcjN/alw.png",ALAWLA TV
https://live.alawla.tv/hls/stream.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VCfg2xY/almahriah.png",YEMEN MAHRIAH
https://starmenajo.com/hls/almahriah/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PFCf0SG/jaylia.jpg",AL JAYLIA
https://media2.livaat.com/AL-Jaleyah/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vxHjssjg/ahad.png",AHAD TV
http://63b03f7689049.streamlock.net:1935/live/7/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gZFbg3YY/etgah.jpg",ETGAH
http://63b03f7689049.streamlock.net:1935/live/33/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N2H1qy00/kahera.jpg",KAHERA EG
https://live20.bozztv.com/gin-36bay3/ga-alkahera/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rG6KzwsJ/hayah.jpg",AL HAYAH TV
https://fl1002.bozztv.com/ga-alhayah/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xqPsDy1j/hayahseries.png",AL HAYAH SERIES
https://fl1002.bozztv.com/ga-alhayahseries/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/QFjyLpxc/mehwar.jpg",EL MEHWAR TV
https://live20.bozztv.com/gin-36bay4/ga-elmehwar/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/21jT7ywt/nahar.jpg",AL NAHAR TV
https://live20.bozztv.com/gin-36bay4/ga-alnahar/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Z1cL88jh/Altaghier.png",AL TAGHIER
https://jmc-live.ercdn.net/altaghier/altaghier.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/740Znb4/ittihad.png",ETIHAD
https://live.alittihad.tv:444/ittihad/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KcJQnz4Y/thaqafeyyah.jpg",THAQAFEYYAH
https://thaqafeyyah-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f6851f68ada94f82ae6b64a441eb5ab1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KcJQnz4Y/thaqafeyyah.jpg",THAQAFEYYAH
https://thaqafeyyah-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/f6851f68ada94f82ae6b64a441eb5ab1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PYwbLwJ/haqiqat.jpg",AL HAQIQA
https://jmc-live.ercdn.net/alhaqiqa/alhaqiqa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Lkwk0zB/almashd.png",AL MASHHAD
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/20c3ca22be3c4f03b30afbf3c92cfd14/ap-south-1/6313884884001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Lkwk0zB/almashd.png",AL MASHHAD
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/385ca06841b3430f99327f0c44d6d008/ap-south-1/6313884884001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2KwY06R/alyaum.png",AL YAUM
https://alyaum-tv.akamaized.net/hls/alyaum-tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2KwY06R/alyaum.png",AL YAUM
https://iko-live.akamaized.net/AlyuamTV/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nPBCcKq/payam.jpg",PAYAM TV
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8218/8218/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/f2XWR2M/alrabiaa.jpg" referer="https://player.castr.com/",AL RABIAA
https://stream.castr.com/65045e4aba85cfe0025e4a60/live_c6c4040053cd11ee95b47153d2861736/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/f2XWR2M/alrabiaa.jpg",AL RABIAA
https://206222.global.ssl.fastly.net/65045e4aba85cfe0025e4a60/live_c6c4040053cd11ee95b47153d2861736/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/QjDPJSQ0/Al-Mashhad.jpg",AL MASHAD
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/rbcb04b715757430f92099ecc84ca472f/ap-south-1/6313884884001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mcd2S4f/samaatv.png",SAMA TV
https://app.sama-tv.net/hls/samatv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FYdQXH1/aldafrah.png",AL DAFRAH
https://rtmp-live-ingest-eu-west-3-universe-dacast-com.akamaized.net/transmuxv1/streams/dbb8ac05-a020-784c-3a95-6ed027941532.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gJcnzXw/rajeen.png",RAJEEN
https://mn-nl.mncdn.com/palabroad/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/4g4VNx7/quds-tv.png",QUDS TV
http://live.alqudstoday.tv:8080/hls/alqudstv/alqudstv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RS72QHZ/pbcpalestine.png",PAL PBC
https://pbc.furrera.ps/palestinehd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RS72QHZ/pbcpalestine.png",PAL PBC
https://pbc.furrera.ps/palestinelivehd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/r5FwmZQ/musawa.png",MUSAWA
https://pbc.furrera.ps/musawahd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TMFyykR/paltv.png",PAL TV
https://live.paltodaytv.com/paltv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nkfS0P4/palsat.jpg",PAL SAT
http://htvpalsat.mada.ps:8888/audeh/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nkfS0P4/palsat.jpg",WATAR PS
http://htvint.mada.ps:8889/orient/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nkfS0P4/palsat.jpg",WATAR PS
https://htvint.mada.ps/orient/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RNHM3Xx/falastini.png",FALASTINI TV
https://rp.tactivemedia.com/falastinitv/live/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RNHM3Xx/falastini.png",PALESTINIAN TV
https://rp.tactivemedia.com/palestiniantv_source/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0yytb9K/yementoday.png",YEMEN TODAY
https://video.yementdy.tv/hls/yementoday.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/230j3Kr/yemenshabab.png",YEMEN SHABAB
https://starmenajo.com/hls/yemenshabab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wK6B1QV/utv.png",UTV IRAQI
https://mn-nl.mncdn.com/utviraqi2/64c80359/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8jK0ZR5/alrasheed.png",AL RASHEED
https://media1.livaat.com/AL-RASHEED-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8jK0ZR5/alrasheed.png",AL RASHEED
https://media1.livaat.com/static/AL-RASHEED-HD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MfLxCY6/alrafidain.png",AL RAFIDAIN
https://arrafidain.tvplayer.online/arrafidaintv/source/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MfLxCY6/alrafidain.png",AL RAFIDAIN
https://arrafidain.tvplayer.online/arrafidaintv/source2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zSv52T7/watanegypt.png",WATAN EGYPT
https://rp.tactivemedia.com/watantv_source/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/b5gcrBs4/Alshoob.jpg",AL SHOOB
https://alshoobtv.rp.tactivemedia.com/alshoobtv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mFb5JL3/qaftv.png",QAF
https://mn-nl.mncdn.com/qaf/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zGS6X8G/ssad.jpg",SSAD TV
https://www.enterweb.tv:25463/live/ssadtv/live-tv/1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZNQPS3x/Ishtar.jpg",ISHTAR ASSYRIAN GLOBAL
https://58cc65c534c67.streamlock.net/agnsat.com/agn2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZNQPS3x/Ishtar.jpg",ISHTAR TV
http://ishtar.cdncast.xyz:1935/live/iShtarHD/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/CQjzKk9/alsabah.png",AL SABAH KW
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s107QNv/araby2.png",AL ALARABY 2 (backup)
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=5617
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s107QNv/araby2.png",AL ALARABY 2 (backup)
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/cl/250113cu26vu63iomqklmptvfg/1280x720_2000000_0_f.m3u8?i=475_5617
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s107QNv/araby2.png",AL ALARABY 2 (backup)
https://origin-cae-t482536.cdn.nextologies.com/63d8c759c5db83b4/25c4f89d27a79014ALA2306/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV (backup)
https://roya.daioncdn.net/royatv/royatv.m3u8?app=8c1e143a-39cf-40b4-acb2-e78faa1f322d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV (backup)
https://roya-live.ercdn.net/roya/roya.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV (backup)
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_roya/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BCK1L31/DubaiTV.png" group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI TV
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaitvht/smil:dubaitv.stream.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BCK1L31/DubaiTV.png" group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI TV
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaitvht/smil:dubaitv.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ngKnxmq/dubaione.png"group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI ONE
https://dminnvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaione/smil:dubaione.stream.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ngKnxmq/dubaione.png"group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI ONE
https://dminnvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaione/smil:dubaione.stream.smil/playlist.m3u?m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jMsSmvg/dubainoor.png"group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI NOOR
https://dmiffthftl.cdn.mangomolo.com/noordubaitv/smil:noordubaitv.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g4LTFCS/dubaisama.png"group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI SAMA
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/samadubaiht/smil:samadubai.stream.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xDs4dGV/dubaizaman.png"group-title="SAUDI",DUBAI ZAMAN
https://dmiffthftl.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaizaman/smil:dubaizaman.stream.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LR2KqPJ/dbaispt.png",DUBAI SPORTS 1
https://dmidspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.stream.smil/playlist.m3u?m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LR2KqPJ/dbaispt.png",DUBAI SPORTS 1
https://dmidspta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LR2KqPJ/dbaispt.png",DUBAI SPORTS 2
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/playlist.m3u?m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LR2KqPJ/dbaispt.png",DUBAI SPORTS 2
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LR2KqPJ/dbaispt.png",DUBAI SPORTS 3
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/playlist.m3u?m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LR2KqPJ/dbaispt.png",DUBAI SPORTS 3
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MD9vwnv/dubairacing.png",DUBAI RACING 1
https://dmisdracta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/events/smil:events.stream.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MD9vwnv/dubairacing.png",DUBAI RACING 2
https://dmithrvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MD9vwnv/dubairacing.png",DUBAI RACING 3
https://dmithrvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR 1
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass1muytrdc/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR 2
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass2hefazq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR 3
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass3vakazq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR 4
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass4azq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR 5
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass5azq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR 6
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass6buzay/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",KAS QATAR SHOOF
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass6Shoof1ab/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",AL KASS 2
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133202_live/148133202_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3h4XCtZ/kasqatar.png",AL KASS 3
https://streamer2.qna.org.qa/148161470_live/148161470_296.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WcQV072/saudi1sbc.png",SAUDI SBC SA
https://sbc-prod-dub-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/2eb1ad0f29984a339bc0fce4ce94dcbb/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WcQV072/saudi1sbc.png",SAUDI SBC SA
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-sbc/90e09c0c28db26435799b4a14892a167/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qNXgWyZ/sauditv.jpg",SAUDIA TV CH 1
https://shls-masr2-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/5ae66b453b62403199811ab78da9982a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qNXgWyZ/sauditv.jpg",SAUDIA TV CH 1
https://saudi-tv-prod-dub-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/5ae66b453b62403199811ab78da9982a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qNXgWyZ/sauditv.jpg",SAUDIA TV CH 1
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qNXgWyZ/sauditv.jpg",SAUDIA TV CH 1
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-saudi-tv/2ad66056b51fd8c1b624854623112e43/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qNXgWyZ/sauditv.jpg",SAUDIA TV KSA NOW
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-ksa-now/71ed3aa814c643306c0a8bc4fcc7d17f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6PH6566/thikrayat.jpg",SAUDIA THIKRAYAT
https://al-ekhbaria-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/ef87956651694f4ba2ccc16e852dbb95/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c6QBhj8/actionwalid.png",SAUDI ACTION WALEED
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GJVSFNt/oman.png",OMAN 1
https://partneta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/omantv/smil:omantv.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GJVSFNt/oman.png",OMAN MUNASHER
https://partwota.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/omlive/smil:omlive.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GJVSFNt/oman.png",OMAN CULTURE
https://partwota.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/omcultural/smil:omcultural.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GJVSFNt/oman.png",OMAN SPORT
https://partneta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/omsport/smil:omsport.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GJVSFNt/oman.png",OMAN TV
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/oman_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN TV
https://jrtv-live.ercdn.net/jordanhd/jordanhd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN TOURISM
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/cc0blorawy1ibohhrupraa/Tourism/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN DRAMA
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/cc0blorawy1ibohhrupraa/Drama/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN COMEDY
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/cc0blorawy1ibohhrupraa/Comedy/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN KITCHEN
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/cc0blorawy1ibohhrupraa/cooking/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN ARCHIVE
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/cc0blorawy1ibohhrupraa/Archive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4xS49d/jordan-tv.png",JORDAN SONG
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/cc0blorawy1ibohhrupraa/Song/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV 1
https://kwtktv1ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv1/smil:ktv1.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV 2
https://kwtktv2ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv2/smil:ktv2.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV NEWS
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:ktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV ARAB
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:tktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV ETHRAA
https://kwtethta.cdn.mangomolo.com/eth/smil:eth.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV KHALLIK
https://kwtkbta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV KHALLIK
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV QURAIN
https://kwtktvaqta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktvaq/smil:tktvaq.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV SPORTS
https://kwtspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/sp/smil:sp.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV SPORT PLUS
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/spl/smil:spl.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV SPORT EXTRA
https://kwtalmta.cdn.mangomolo.com/alm/smil:alm.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tMLDMdy/kwttv.png",KUWAIT TV 1
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/kuwait_tv1/hls_roku/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png" group-title="SAUDI",MBC 1
https://shls-mbc1na-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/84ab37e99d6e4b16b33c6600f94f6ccb/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1
https://d2ow8h651gs7dx.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1
https://mbc1-usa-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8c1ce74bfd0743aab1026ef5b2aecfa4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-1-na/eec141533c90dd34722c503a296dd0d8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1 USA
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-1-usa/fdac3a4fc0473f1f56e07ec1d63a4b7b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1 USA
https://mbc-1-usa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/8c1ce74bfd0743aab1026ef5b2aecfa4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bvbsV1Z/mbc3.png",MBC 3
https://shls-mbc3-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/d5bbe570e1514d3d9a142657d33d85e6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bvbsV1Z/mbc3.png",MBC 3
https://mbc3-usa-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8bbfec9446d84c9ea0dfa34edede6db9/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bvbsV1Z/mbc3.png",MBC 3 USA
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-3-usa/5d58265a862a476dc7f97694addb5ded/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bvbsV1Z/mbc3.png",MBC 3 USA
https://mbc-3-usa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/8bbfec9446d84c9ea0dfa34edede6db9/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5smk763/mbc4.png",MBC 4
https://shls-mbc4-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/c08681f81775496ab4afa2bac7ae7638/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5smk763/mbc4.png",MBC 4
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/c08681f81775496ab4afa2bac7ae7638/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5smk763/mbc4.png",MBC 4
https://mbc4-prod-dub-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/c08681f81775496ab4afa2bac7ae7638/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5smk763/mbc4.png",MBC 4
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-4/24f134f1cd63db9346439e96b86ca6ed/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vzbhKTj/mbc5.png",MBC 5
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-5/ee6b000cee0629411b666ab26cb13e9b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vzbhKTj/mbc5.png",MBC 5
https://shls-mbc5-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/2720564b6a4641658fdfb6884b160da2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2ndSCfQ/mbcdrama0.png",MBC DRAMA
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/b0b3a0e6750d4408bb86d703d5feffd1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2ndSCfQ/mbcdrama0.png",MBC DRAMA
https://mbcdrama-usa-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/876f960feec24a8aba9e9d3f9023174b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2ndSCfQ/mbcdrama0.png",MBC DRAMA USA
https://mbcdrama-usa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/876f960feec24a8aba9e9d3f9023174b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2ndSCfQ/mbcdrama0.png",MBC DRAMA USA
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-drama-usa/ea2f5db904aff224b7066e59c7f585a2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2ndSCfQ/mbcdrama0.png",MBC DRAMA MASR
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/08eca926a78a41339b8010c882410307/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xzdqq9y/mbcdrama.png",MBC DRAMA PLUS
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xzdqq9y/mbcdrama.png",MBC DRAMA PLUS
https://mbcplusdrama-prod-dub-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR 1
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/d5036cabf11e45bf9d0db410ca135c18/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR 1
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/d5036cabf11e45bf9d0db410ca135c18/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR 1
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/d5036cabf11e45bf9d0db410ca135c18/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR 1
https://masr-usa-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/5fcaf05b5cd64b3cb4a969e0470080c8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR USA
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-masr-usa/cd8d40acdab28aac0582faa3bd3983f1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR USA
https://masr-usa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/5fcaf05b5cd64b3cb4a969e0470080c8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M7B22HL/mbcmasr2.jpg",MBC MASR 2
https://shls-masr2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/f683685242b549f48ea8a5171e3e993a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M7B22HL/mbcmasr2.jpg",MBC MASR 2
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-masr-2/754931856515075b0aabf0e583495c68/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M7B22HL/mbcmasr2.jpg",MBC MASR 2
https://shls-masr2-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/f683685242b549f48ea8a5171e3e993a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M7B22HL/mbcmasr2.jpg",MBC MASR 2
https://shls-masr2-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/2720564b6a4641658fdfb6884b160da2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rkr6JSX/mbc-iraq.png",MBC IRAQ
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-iraq/e38c44b1b43474e1c39cb5b90203691e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rkr6JSX/mbc-iraq.png",MBC IRAQ
https://shls-iraq-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/c9bf1e87ea66478bb20bc5c93c9d41ea/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rkr6JSX/mbc-iraq.png",MBC IRAQ
https://iraq-prod-dub-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/c9bf1e87ea66478bb20bc5c93c9d41ea/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/m5gGgfJ/mbcbollywood.png",MBC BOLLYWOOD
https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/m5gGgfJ/mbcbollywood.png",MBC BOLLYWOOD
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-bollywood/546eb40d7dcf9a209255dd2496903764/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/m5gGgfJ/mbcbollywood.png",MBC BOLLYWOOD
https://mbcbollywood-prod-dub-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/d5bbe570e1514d3d9a142657d33d85e6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mc475nQ/shadidblck.jpg",MBC AFLAM
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0044dd4b001a466c941ad77b04a574a2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mc475nQ/shadidblck.jpg",MBC MOVIES
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mc475nQ/shadidblck.jpg",MBC MOVIES ACTION
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/46079e838e65490c8299f902a7731168/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mc475nQ/shadidblck.jpg",MBC MOVIES THRILLER
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f6d718e841f8442f8374de47f18c93a7/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/35CRbTmk/mbcgame.jpg",MBC GAMING
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8ae5c35ffc5247a58e71a5c86dd31ad6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/98TBSSm/mbcfmtv.png",MBC RABEH SAQER
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/ea4275b6dc0840c198c17f6dc6f1ec49/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/98TBSSm/mbcfmtv.png",MBC FM LIVE TV
https://mbcfm-riyadh-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/69c8a03f507e422f99cf5c07291c9e3a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/98TBSSm/mbcfmtv.png",MBC FM LIVE TV
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-fm/3f36f7db6086acf058dc51681c87f8ad/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Hy2GLK8/mbcloud.png",MBC LOUD FM TV
https://d2lfa0y84k5bwn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/86dd4506a70c4d7fb35e2ab50296d9a3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jZBdqYD4/mbctalent.png",MBC TALENTS
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/07a6ab2d57b2453a91bbdd2d46b5865a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dQV1zQG/cbclive.jpg",CBC LIVE EGY
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0c223ac0a9d34b30b100cb92ee83b70a/us-west-2/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0jpsxm7/cbcsofra.png",CBC SOFRA
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/753a1f2c951b4fb3914f30e1deb147d8/us-west-2/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/21JHLXpk/cbcdrama.jpg",CBC DRAMA
https://fl1002.bozztv.com/ga-cbcdrama/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N2msLHmY/dmcdrama.png",DMC DRAMA
https://fl1002.bozztv.com/ga-dmcdrama/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/w9W05Dk/ondrama.png",ON DRAMA
https://fl1002.bozztv.com/ga-ondrama/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Kcwxz7NQ/dmceg.png",DMC EGY
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ba3169004d40484b9ff29e194964c9e8/eu-west-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA CINEMA KSA
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/9527a892aeaf43019fd9eeb77ad1516e/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA CINEMA KSA
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotana/cinema_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png" referer="https://rotana.net/",ROTANA CINEMA MASR
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/cinemamasr_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA AFLAM PLUS
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/rotana-aflam-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA AFLAM PLUS
https://cdn1.iptvcdn.tv/mcnc/ROTANA_AFLAMPLUS/playlist.m3u8?token=demo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N2C6FMyv/Mplus.png",ROTANA M PLUS
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/m-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N2C6FMyv/Mplus.png",ROTANA M PLUS
https://cdn1.iptvcdn.tv/mcnc/ROTANA_MPLUS/playlist.m3u8?token=demo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HNm4jw9/rotanaclip.png" referer="https://rotana.net/",ROTANA CLIP
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/clip_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LZR8RK4/rotanamusic.png",ROTANA MUSIC
https://cdn1.iptvcdn.tv/mcnc/ROTANA_MUSIC/playlist.m3u8?&token=demo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LZR8RK4/rotanamusic.png" referer="https://rotana.net/",ROTANA MUSIC
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/music_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6DcdjwT/rotanaclassic.png" referer="https://rotana.net/",ROTANA CLASSIC
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/classical_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6DcdjwT/rotanaclassic.png",ROTANA CLASSIC
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0debf5648e584e5fb795c3611c5c0252/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PN8G6F8/rotanakids.png",ROTANA KIDS
https://cdn1.iptvcdn.tv/mcnc/ROTANA_KIDS/playlist.m3u8?&token=demo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/SwZKHJj/rcomedy.jpg",ROTANA COMEDY
http://mains.services/live/bshorty/Zv5le07a0J/790ba89d-843f-4e4e-b4a4-27973cb1f51b.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/SwZKHJj/rcomedy.jpg" referer="https://rotana.net/",ROTANA COMEDY
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/comedy_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5sJ9vSJ/rotanakhalijia.png",ROTANA KHALIJA
https://edge66.magictvbox.com/liveApple/rotana_khalijiah/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5sJ9vSJ/rotanakhalijia.png",ROTANA KHALIJA
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotana/khaleejiya_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/207NnrF1/pncdr.png",ROTANA PNC DRAMA
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/pnc-drama/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/207NnrF1/pncdr.png",ROTANA DRAMA
http://edge66.magictvbox.com/liveApple/rotana_massriya_plus/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/207NnrF1/pncdr.png" referer="https://rotana.net/",ROTANA DRAMA
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/drama_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV
https://royatv-live.daioncdn.net/royatv/royatv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA MUSIC
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/roya-music/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA KITCHEN
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/roya-kitchen/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA COMEDY
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/roya-comedy/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA PALESTINE
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/roya-palestine/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA KIDS
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/ptllxjd03j6g9oxxjdfapg/roya-kids/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA KIDS ORIGINALS
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/ptllxjd03j6g9oxxjdfapg/roya-kids-originals/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA KIDS SONGS
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/ptllxjd03j6g9oxxjdfapg/roya-kids-songs/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA KIDS STORIES
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/ptllxjd03j6g9oxxjdfapg/roya-kids-stories/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA DRAMA
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/a2le4pbpa6rpzv147haf4w/drama/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA SPORTS
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/a2le4pbpa6rpzv147haf4w/youth-jordan/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA WORLD
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/around-the-world/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA ADVENTURES
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/roya-adventures/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA MARAYA
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/maraya/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA CARAVAN
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/caravan/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA IMAM
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/adel-imam-movies/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA PRODUCTION
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/roya-production/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA AL HAYBA
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/alhayba/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA ACTION
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/action/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA AH SHAMYEH
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/by2ah-shamyeh/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA AL QUEBBEH
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/haret-alqubbeh/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA NADINENJAIM
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/nadinenjaim/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA AYMAN ZAYDAN
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/ayman-zaydan/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA AL ZAEEM
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/alzaeem/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA HAKI MONAWWA
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/haki-monawwa/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA ANA BAHKILAK
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/ana-bahkilak-elgessa/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA MASRAHYYAT
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/masrahyyat/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA DOCU
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/documentaries/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA MOJTAMAII
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/toa2uuhhygheuly7xtuqrg/mojtamaii/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV (backup)
https://roya.daioncdn.net/royatv/royatv.m3u8?app=8c1e143a-39cf-40b4-acb2-e78faa1f322d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV (backup)
https://roya-live.ercdn.net/roya/roya.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/84HtHzK/Roya-TV.png",ROYA TV (backup)
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_roya/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5RGbN6g/Zee-Afam.png",ZEE AFLAM
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_aflam/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c1zsKkv/Zee-Alwan.png",ZEE ALWAN
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_alwan/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3WCfsRq/weyk.png",WEYYAK DRAMA
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_drama/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3WCfsRq/weyk.png",WEYYAK MIX
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_mix/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3WCfsRq/weyk.png",WEYYAK ACTION
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_action/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3WCfsRq/weyk.png",WEYYAK NAWAEM
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_nawaem/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dQV1zQG/cbclive.jpg",CBC LIVE
https://new.cache-stream.workers.dev/stream/UCUHq39HXLyAjjMPIjsNRLpw/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0jpsxm7/cbcsofra.png",CBC SOFRA
https://new.cache-stream.workers.dev/stream/UC--UtxrU7FWNCp0l7AG9EIw/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HKtfJmp/cbcextranews.jpg",CBC NEWS
https://new.cache-stream.workers.dev/stream/UC65F33K2cXk9hGDbOQYhTOw/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA CINEMA MASR
https://shls-masr2-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/c39c0ecbcbdb46e890e91106776397a8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA CINEMA MASR
https://shls-rotanacinema-egy-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/c39c0ecbcbdb46e890e91106776397a8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7W5nWYV/rotanacinema.png",ROTANA CINEMA KSA
https://shls-rotanacinema-ksa-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/6cee1c57ea7841e697eb15cefc98e0a6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RC0XZrb/rotanaplus.png",ROTANA PLUS
https://shls-rotanaplus-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/1fc6103458be480b96e6a574b00fe1c0/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RC0XZrb/rotanaplus.png",ROTANA PLUS
https://rotanaplus-prod-dub-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/1fc6103458be480b96e6a574b00fe1c0/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PN8G6F8/rotanakids.png",ROTANA KIDS
https://shls-masr2-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/df6e0eb3cdc4410b98209aafc8677cef/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PN8G6F8/rotanakids.png",ROTANA KIDS
https://shls-rotanakids-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/df6e0eb3cdc4410b98209aafc8677cef/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5sJ9vSJ/rotanakhalijia.png",ROTANA KHALIJA
https://shls-masr2-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/a639fd49db684f1b8c063d398101a888/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5sJ9vSJ/rotanakhalijia.png",ROTANA KHALIJA
https://shls-rotanakhalijia-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a639fd49db684f1b8c063d398101a888/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tw3gRvT/rotanadrama.png",ROTANA DRAMA
https://shls-rotanadrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/20c617b40dc743589ecc9d08d9d3345d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YL1wKY8/Duhkwabas.png",ROTANA DUHK WABASS
https://daiconnect.com/live/hls/rotana/dwbass/.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YL1wKY8/Duhkwabas.png",ROTANA DUHK WABASS
https://daiconnect.com/live/hls/rotana/dwbass/2863b804cde7974b846f64583832be11/.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID AL ZAEEM
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/AlZaeem--/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID AL MASRAH
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Al_Masrah/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID AL USTURA
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Al_Ostoura_/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID COMEDY
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Comedy---/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID 1
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Shahid_Al_Oula__/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID SHAM
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Al_Sham--/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID MAQALEB
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Maqaleb--/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JqnC8VY/shahid.png",SHAHID AL ZARAQ
https://cdxaws-ak.akamaized.net/v1/channel/Ma_Al_Zaraq/index_hls.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N19JFwZ/mbc.png",MBC 1 [offlink]
https://shls-mbcdramaksa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/84ab37e99d6e4b16b33c6600f94f6ccb/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR 1 [offlink]
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/b7093401da27496797a8949de23f4578/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnhWg65/mbcmasr.png",MBC MASR 1 [offlink]
https://shls-masr-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/b7093401da27496797a8949de23f4578/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Sport International",Futbol (1080p)
https://live.teleradiocom.tj/8/3m.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhdwatch.mom/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/4343a3da2166309eb898c56b2dca9e7b.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Roundup: Punishment 2024 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/czes79_sxDz2mgcMQUFlFg/1720937449/normal/0/79.139.35.16/no/c309e9eba3be5bf75a30ab63de6a0589/web1.faselhdwatch.sbs/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51f03SDiVlL._AC_UF894,1000_QL80_.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم the fugitive مترجم
https://fast-cdn-chash-4-kmt.dialymotion.online/hls/mkkhawpzcasl4zz6qkbfiu2jgdsdaxmg6oo2zqftq,524s5fnfbgx6doms2wa,xh4s5fnfbgubxk4y4pq,.urlset/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRea2G2-J3TRYaFApmwcEbgaWdon65ESp_25A&s" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Negotiator 1998 مترجم
https://fast-cdn-chash-4-kmt.dialymotion.online/hls/mkkhawpzcasl4zz6qkbfiu2jgdsdaxmg6oo2zqftq,524s5fnfbgx6doms2wa,xh4s5fnfbgubxk4y4pq,.urlset/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="ttps://www.faselhd.link/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MV5BZTNiYTUwMDgtY2M4My00ZDAwLWIyYWYtYjM0ODBkNGRmMzRkL2ltYWdlXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjQzNDI3NzY@._V1_-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم U.S. Marshals مترجم 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/tn4K5RHJTTuHZ5HyCIL3Vg/1710479114/normal/0/82.102.16.174/no/da12dad1a567fd3173b2e21bf220a73d/www.faselhd.link/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/secqfRyM3WfvpWR1tm5EIp7AU0w-400x600.jpg" group-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSfakFUMmVygvfqVeweqhvIpEfCkITpbF-0fg&usqp=CAU"group-title="|Movies|",Léon The Professional 1994
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/cSiC_4mKGln9Nk9OF1famQ/1710389596/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/e57a4144671cba3761d979598f812999/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn-ukwest.onetrust.com/logos/e254ed09-78a7-4b5e-8950-187956d71d49/0e46aba6-7deb-4831-8a6c-0265373b3544/c8e1c986-14cb-4b3d-b58b-8956f3426256/arsenal-logo-2.png"group-title="arsenal matches",ارسنال - مان ستي 2015 الشوط 1
http://ok.ru/video/2134424160944
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://img.yts.mx/assets/images/movies/Rush_Hour_1998/medium-cover.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم Rush Hour 1998  
https://dai.ly/k3ib89zKxQ7aVTAEct6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://my-live-01.slatic.net/p/be1722291b0d466b9c4fcd8aa7058800.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم  Badland Hunters 2024  
https://dai.ly/x8xc2cs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/MV5BMTM3ODkwODM3OF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNjUzMDg5._V1_.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم Friday After Next 2002 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/51MOaYQcmXJMeNCrNhNESA/1712553478/normal/0/77.223.247.62/no/439ba87da3de9e4e0405306e73e16c7f/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/snowden_ver2_xlg-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم snowden 2016 مترجم 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/W4_yuA5D11Ew0SCccQ0jOQ/1710218478/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/7ac457b4f2b409422b17559743baa899/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/shawshank_redemption_ver2-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",shawshank redemption 1994 مترجم 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/ARkVJklx5GahZHzmstkEiA/1710139726/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/4b702759b06698b22c80c580286d6abd/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/p160411_p_v8_aa-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم 16 Blocks (2006) مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/fqskk3U9yl1AvLzKnpPpBg/1710139393/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/71696a6ae9a00b91761dd7f35bcf5cd7/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/barbershop_the_next_cut_xlg.jpg" group-title="|Movies|", فيلم Barbershop The Next Cut 2016 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/9o7huOIdiF50G1ksxkNSBw/1713604746/normal/0/77.223.230.119/no/da816fce59643c76cd4306f06bfcc0a0/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/onTSipZ8R3bliBdKfPtsDuHTdlL.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Home Alone 1990 مترجم
https://dai.ly/x8ps3ur
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/2003-swat-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",SWAT  2003 مترجم
https://r465--4tmgnygn.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/sKsHStrTfot0jdyD8mAV1g/1713780667/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/04-02/3/34041c75a5a65957d6b30b5fdb2186f2/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://musicart.xboxlive.com/7/4f2a5100-0000-0000-0000-000000000002/504/image.jpg?w=1920&h=1080" group-title="|Movies|",The Gangster, The Cop, The Devil (2019) مترجم
https://r465--5z6nc80t.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/OlpPgrEX1IL7ohycqpJofQ/1713782188/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/05-02/3/3d5e26673c1b9966b989492769d409f0/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.faselhdwatch.top/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/dc7fbc65197378a2f9440dbfee65c0a6.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم Citizen of a Kind 2024 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/0qdJL72mvqvrTCmuhWuaXQ/1713082596/normal/0/176.9.113.53/no/e76710e6fe4cfc9f2ce889ed669bcd62/www.faselhdwatch.top/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0043.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1777b30cd6e5c931532eab9d50a7409f0b169748997e0babce6c48416cf4a239.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية  قحفية وغترة وعقال
https://dai.ly/x98s9pq

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0043.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1777b30cd6e5c931532eab9d50a7409f0b169748997e0babce6c48416cf4a239.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية العظماء السبعة
https://dai.ly/x8fw76d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_ade065a75e27482735b33f36b18e450bc77246311b8932860bfb9cdd46c890e9.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية العظماء السبعة
https://dai.ly/x8cy0ia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_a4bc477526dd4f6dbc7e5d60e448321a16dd8141b9c90166c920ff318939679a.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية سوبر ماركت الجزء الثاني
https://dai.ly/x8o7gp9
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_86f54e401cdd421cec02c5f1ec4321d49a33c22bbf3936e3c33854888e6af7e5.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية ليلة زفتة
https://dai.ly/x8d5ido
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_323eb51154db9f4a3a710266f545f42ef32d44737871c36d3fe2cd9c6f46b22b.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية كشته 
https://dai.ly/x4mmd6o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_02c82235bf57fba5fdc63ebaf8740f382f3717ee61f77525df1820d54734c19d.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية خبز خبزتيه 
https://dai.ly/x8d16kv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_44376f04d38edf4cc8cea5fa522c6d5c5f84be3c5b201d4ba46d3669bd4d3751.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية مبروك ماجاكم  
https://dai.ly/x8cynjm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_44376f04d38edf4cc8cea5fa522c6d5c5f84be3c5b201d4ba46d3669bd4d3751.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية  الحكم لكم   
https://dai.ly/x8d39rw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_44376f04d38edf4cc8cea5fa522c6d5c5f84be3c5b201d4ba46d3669bd4d3751.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية   هلوسة كاملة   
https://dai.ly/x8fw76d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://assets.bein.com/bmg/sites/3/2022/11/NEWS_Channel_Full_Color.jpg" group-title="|youtybe|",bein sport news
https://www.youtube.com/embed/dEmHyqMlclA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://assets.raya.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/04132644/beIN-SPORTS-Logo.png" group-title="|youtybe|",bein sport 
https://www.youtube.com/embed/sNHYWrn7j4I?si=Y4c8ixY9hREwdBRS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://ww.cimafans.co/thumb/r/files/image/-1678957792724.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",fearless hyena 2 1983
https://qwe50x-01.stwsxcd.shop/6jmnu5o3uiazsalriwyqfzvvljarcadzdfc67rbbznb4fpvbqunolr4od5za/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/rA6nQwEJAWGfA12JCktfV7JSJKT.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Crime Story 1993
https://aflam-cdn-cash-1-qze.dialymotion.online/yh5cbvqnpxikjnl75zpkr6jfu4auk26ocy46gn7xn4qkw3ugsc46tjxgr5iq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/rA6nQwEJAWGfA12JCktfV7JSJKT.jpg" group-title="|JAcki Chan |",Crime Story 
https://aflam-cdn-cash-1-qze.dialymotion.online/yh5cbvqnpxikjnl75zpkr6jfu4auk26ocy46gn7xn4qkw3ugsc46tjxgr5iq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/yip_man_three_ver8-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",IP MAN 2015
https://dai.ly/x8hnxux
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/MV5BMzU3OTI0MDA1Ml5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNzA1NzU3._V1_-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Police story 2004
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/jm5A2OSpvBdZkmFKt_LvsA/1710312138/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/549babfd0652d55f3d4684b08078ef7b/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/last_stand_ver3-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",The Last Stand
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/5WlF-iCPXFCxAKqSjrzSag/1708386472/normal/0/94.98.74.74/no/1cecb2289781c7a6e14e6cc40f28373b/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MV5BMTYwNTY2NTkzNV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwMjE2ODA3._V1_.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Taxi 2004
https://r465--6ab8ivko.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/cuhY-FFjDLVMU4n9r8cJWg/1713781804/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/06-02/4/1835a31e5be83e78e209b5822f4c7dc7/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/yip_man_2_ver10.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",IP MAN 2010
https://dai.ly/x9mljwg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/8143uwZE6LL._SL1500_-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",IP MAN 2008
https://dai.ly/x8u1bnk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/364692c105025aed94d5d59a5d601a9e.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",BeeKeeper
https://r465--2zudrdq9.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/YyF2Bh00Cz4tMvpm0K0dVA/1708149099/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/79.139.37.233/no/SA/0/02-02/2/d9cc9a2d0741c7de6c02c4cbc6155b61/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://0.soompi.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/14105011/bad-guys-5.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Bad Guys: The Movie
https://dai.ly/x8sxr50
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/MV5BYTJlYjdiYTctOTg2NC00YzNhLTgwNTMtMDE1NWI2NjIwNDk3XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTE4OTg5ODA2._V1_SX300.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",The Policeman’s Lineage
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/L4CsbILHKCQTEdoFxMXH9g/1706768246/normal/0/77.223.247.246/no/6588ad39a9c68f766729dfd89034c3b2/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/karate_kid_ver2.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Karate Kid 2010 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/v1jVAGWkrI8gOBQGJ6MM9g/1706767594/normal/0/77.223.247.246/no/35bd7063e0f8b9b8604c26ce140f323f/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fc/DrunkenMasterII.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Legend Of Drunken Master 1994 مترجم
https://aflam-cdn-cash-18-tgb.dialymotion.online/yh5cgsaopxikjnl75zpkr4rpwnj2g22kpxkprfwdxbwswlekyd2ykzs73iiq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="
https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Bad-Boys-1995-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",1-فيلم-bad boys 1995 مترجم
https://r465--6ab8ivko.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/cuhY-FFjDLVMU4n9r8cJWg/1713781804/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/06-02/4/1835a31e5be83e78e209b5822f4c7dc7/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.faselhdwatch.top/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/5bec45ca40303e45b77d03fea58c4fd7.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم-damaged-2024-مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/pC53GOuxvSJFEDXcImYioA/1713683369/normal/0/176.9.113.53/no/0cbd05cc8e9b30034c9198e96ee693b2/www.faselhdwatch.top/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://img.akw.onl/uploads/5I9Ez.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|", ليلة زفته
https://ybaoepafrxa113rred.cdn-hd.com/5r63ru24zbjivea6gvp3egq7nvgmrwdayf5kr7576iofo3d6qytq4z5tz46q/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="bein youtube" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PJYTfHi.png" group-title="Sport",bein youtube
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1704952390/ei/5i2fZdqEK4v7vdIPi8mq8Aw/ip/77.223.228.117/id/vHvTS2kRAcQ.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/xpc/EgVo2aDSNQ%3D%3D/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/sa/spc/UWF9fxrRecz2430oVah5Rf_RoU_87LHsULAPOJKQ12raWXA/vprv/1/go/1/pacing/0/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Cxpc%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AJfQdSswRQIhALfK4UdATpQn6F5Bvj9rv9hXNVB4Ef6kXz0elLr-pYTbAiA5KAIFa8IK5REkebtUCiYSmjOxr0USCNdGAcwhSPI9bA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg6QTosXccalKTTB9k3QGjqzy8kzymZyefw0614ZXL8W_nPlrR-6lvIi3QYlgvtT_jl6XcVTKmHebJwor5HwcmINCk31qS9vs_6EQiqrrzHT-uoplUqVHE8Skje1jYPfp4ymmvHdWI3seznbkDeASFJauZ04FEOe0BlnwdcHZaaeZ5y_OGulIjhV3sdhVE-/s800-c/1704028349_849.jpg" group-title="|VOD| Sport 2023",Arsenal Vs Fulaham first half(2023)
https://vod.cf.dmcdn.net/sec2(Ud16cmwHg04zmR3QydkSq4N3-lB5zaGR6Lswc8hB4ObpKQCD61U8CgVHR2NpjlCem7H-oEvD5VQFlmb4WHkUNiS8m3VfJxmROMgeY2XHqUOkE-VRYwJIMst0wWV8qMDqZvNJKE3vZss4OW0QCWnLFg)/video/042/261/529162240_mp4_h264_aac_hq_8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg6QTosXccalKTTB9k3QGjqzy8kzymZyefw0614ZXL8W_nPlrR-6lvIi3QYlgvtT_jl6XcVTKmHebJwor5HwcmINCk31qS9vs_6EQiqrrzHT-uoplUqVHE8Skje1jYPfp4ymmvHdWI3seznbkDeASFJauZ04FEOe0BlnwdcHZaaeZ5y_OGulIjhV3sdhVE-/s800-c/1704028349_849.jpg" group-title="|VOD| Sport 2023",Arsenal Vs Fulaham SEcound half(2023)
https://dai.ly/x8t9jj0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.lat/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/1447930273861-400x600.jpg" group-title="V.O.D",فيلم The Young Master 1980 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/zl7sQuygVCT_o1tktVV_eQ/1705731155/normal/0/176.9.113.53/no/cbd146d41676f67a620844376e5e0595/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Song" tvg-logo="https://vo-static.cdb.cdn.orange.com/adm-uae/Images/icon/at_65730e2567.png" group-title="Song",خالد عبدالرحمن الف ليلة 
https://tr-route2.adm.tcon.hlit.hvds.tv/Content/Hls/VOD/3990/1287/3522609d-c538-464e-8678-a5a9fc513905/82b249ab-5893-561b-1b2a-b221a78f723d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="وثائقي " tvg-logo="https://nowcdn.asharq.com/308x172/7086871571704817834.jpg" group-title="Documentary",بريطانيا جريمة غيرت القانون 
https://clvod.itworkscdn.net/bloombergvod/smil:itwfcdn/bloomberg/1884299-DSOCL6D1272px28.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="وثائقي " tvg-logo="https://nowcdn.asharq.com/308x172/13914120021704734182.jpg" group-title="Documentary",تسـميم نـهر ألامازون 
https://clvod.itworkscdn.net/bloombergvod/smil:itwfcdn/bloomberg/1884302-V26u5bVZBI56PEK.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiAloula.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/g7IRorO.jpeg" group-title="Arabic",Abu Dhabi Aloula (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiEmirates.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/OT6DW3E.png" group-title="Arabic",Abu Dhabi Emirates (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/EmiratesChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6BVWk8z.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4rVm3oZ.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AjmanTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hVNIwgE.png" group-title="Arabic",Ajman TV [Not 24/7]
https://dacastmmd.mmdlive.lldns.net/dacastmmd/d3e9fc3b874a46159ce3724d802e3f8d/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlAlam.ir" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Zdi31dy.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Alam (360p) [Not 24/7]
https://live2.alalam.ir/alalam.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NXFkYFj.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Arabiya (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCahpxixMCwoANAftn6IxkTg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlDafrahTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sOMOe9t.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Dafrah TV (1080p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.dailymotion.com/aldafrahtv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/V6QJtl6.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Ekhbariya (1080p) [Not 24/7]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.aloula.sa/live/alekhbariya
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/De4SEWE.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Hadath TV (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCrj5BGAhtWxDfqbza9T9hqA.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHayatTV.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/M8ZuzeB.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Hayat TV (720p)
http://media.islamexplained.com:1935/live/_definst_mp4:ahme.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlIraqiaSport.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DrrlxTO.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Al Iraqia Sport (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://au7live.tooliserver.com/live/149075_0.m3u8?session=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraChannel.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7bRVpnu.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Jazeera Arabic (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCfiwzLy-8yKzIbsmZTzxDgw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraBalkans.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rGxhsZ2.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Jazeera Balkans (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajb.getaj.net/AJB/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e6/Al_Jazeera_Doc.png" group-title="Documentary",Al Jazeera Documentary (270p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-web-ajd.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/90/Al_Jazeera_Mubasher_logo.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlKhalijTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Knd2lAQ.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Khalij (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://mn-nl.mncdn.com/khalij/khalij/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/QFnztgo.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Maaref (350p)
https://5e74a9d684b2e.streamlock.net/liveTrans/ngrp:channel23_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaghribia.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7GaahYh.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Maghribia (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/al_maghribia_snrt/hls_snrt/al_maghribia_snrt.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMamlakaTV.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6njRt6c.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Mamlaka TV (1080p)
https://almamlka-live.ercdn.net/almamlka/almamlka.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRasheedTV.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ltyRjPK.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Rasheed (408p) [Not 24/7]
https://media1.livaat.com/AL-RASHEED-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanTV.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/HYt41gL.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Rayyan (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alrayyanlive/alrayyan.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanOldTV.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4qB5iN0.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Rayyan Al Qadeem (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alrayyanqadeemlive/alrayyanqadeem.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GRQTndk.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Saudiya (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSharqiya.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mJIG5IV.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Sharqiya (1080p) [Not 24/7]
http://ns8.indexforce.com:1935/home/mystream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSharqiyaMinKabla.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WGX5SCx.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Sharqiya Min Kabla (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/kablatvlive/kabtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSunnahAlNabawiyahTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S6LcTJv.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah TV (Medina) (720p)
http://5b18be6964c2f.streamlock.net:1935/live/_definst_/sunnah/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdHolyQuran.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/JBelAQj.png" group-title="Arabic",Al-Majd Holy Quran (576p)
https://streann-msl4.akamaized.net/hls/live/2043201/quranhls2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdScientific.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6sHsvlP.png" group-title="Arabic",Al-Majd Scientific (576p)
https://streann-msl4.akamaized.net/hls/live/2043217/sciencehls/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlresalahTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/QFcyPoE.png" group-title="Arabic",Al-Resalah (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-elressalah
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Gp5mNea.png" group-title="Arabic",Alaraby 2 TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby2n/smil:alaraby2n.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YMqWEe4.png" group-title="Arabic",Alaraby TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby/smil:alaraby.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlerthAlnabawiChannel.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iYibJxK.png" group-title="Arabic",Alerth Alnabawi Channel (576p)
http://82.212.74.2:8000/live/7307.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlfathSonnahTV.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7VYJStp.png" group-title="Arabic",Alfath Sonnah TV (576p)
https://alfat7-q.com:5443/LiveApp/streams/713332814575062108399616.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlfathTV.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/87bdieg.png" group-title="Arabic",Alfath TV (576p)
https://alfat7-q.com:5443/LiveApp/streams/117655467302550619118331.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlmagdTVMiddleEast.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3pUik3b.png" group-title="Arabic",Almagd TV Middle East (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://597f64b67707a.streamlock.net/almagd.tv/almagd.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlmagdTVNorthAmerica.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3pUik3b.png" group-title="Arabic",Almagd TV North America (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/almagd.tv/almagd.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AmmanTV.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5l7kw0b.png" group-title="Arabic",Amman TV (720p)
https://ammantv.c.s73cdn.net/23153d43-375a-472a-bc5f-9827582b5d22/elemental/live/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arrabiaa.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mrwFI2L.png" group-title="Arabic",Arrabiaa (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/arrabiaa/hls_snrt/arrabiaa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arriadia.mr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/naX5CTw.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Arriadia (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/arriadia/hls_snrt/arriadia.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bqRC3sl.png" group-title="Arabic",Asharq News (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCRJUVYt9gjg8MnlGacySUdg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNewsPortrait.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bqRC3sl.png" group-title="Arabic",Asharq News Portrait (1280p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ed81ac1118414d4fa893d3a83ccec9be/eu-central-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Assadissa.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/un6qTGO.png" group-title="Arabic",Assadissa (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/assadissa/hls_snrt/assadissa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AssyrianANB.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/T8fRsUB.png" group-title="Arabic",Assyrian ANB (720p)
https://anbsat.ddns.net/anb/live/ANB/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Y2BqP9m.png" group-title="Arabic",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainInternational.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/t6Lmntr.png" group-title="Arabic",Bahrain International (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahraininternational_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainQuran.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/er5hOK4.png" group-title="Arabic",Bahrain Quran (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahrainquran_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports1.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBpLsbC.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Bahrain Sports 1 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:sportsone_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports2.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZkuZmIo.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Bahrain Sports 2 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahrainsportstwo_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainTV.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LTD0jIm.png" group-title="Arabic",Bahrain TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahraintvmain_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BaynounahTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n2nczHO.png" group-title="Arabic",Baynounah TV (1080p)
https://baynounah.cdn.mangomolo.com/btv/smil:btv.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBCArabic.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ScyTG6P.png" group-title="Arabic",BBC Arabic (720p)
https://vs-cmaf-pushb-ww-live.akamaized.net/x=3/i=urn:bbc:pips:service:bbc_arabic_tv/pc_hd_abr_v2.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BelqeesTV.ye" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bNDJlO0.png" group-title="Arabic",Belqees TV (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCxA_zZwALQMmVMSZyLKC-Nw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CartoonNetworkArabic.ae" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bb/Cartoon_Network_Arabic_logo.png/512px-Cartoon_Network_Arabic_logo.png" group-title="Arabic",Cartoon Network Arabia (1080p)
https://shls-cartoon-net-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/dc4aa87372374325a66be458f29eab0f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DuaTV.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sFm9FMS.png" group-title="Arabic",Dua TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.ishiacloud.com/W67H7ddMzVHyXPrG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/H2TTn7t.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Racing 2 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Vg4fxmc.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Racing 3 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BpcV8jS.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Racing (1080p)
https://dmisvthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/events/smil:events.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iYgHR5D.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Sports 1 (1080p)
https://dmitnthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PMJ7Zmo.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Sports 2 (720p)
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U0A8Gex.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dWueFIE.png" group-title="Arabic",Dubai TV (576p)
http://210.210.155.37/uq2663/h/h152/index2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiZaman.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5Q5qMzP.png" group-title="Arabic",Dubai Zaman (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmiffthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaizaman/smil:dubaizaman.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DWArabic.de" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EfKe3ae.png" group-title="Arabic",DW Arabic (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UC30ditU5JI16o5NbFsHde_Q.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FunoonTV.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tftyNDI.png" group-title="Arabic",Funoon (360p)
https://gulfsat.cdn.easybroadcast.fr/live/FunoonHd_abr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaArabic.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/HPVsIa4.png" group-title="Arabic",Iqraa (576p) [Not 24/7]
https://jmc-live.ercdn.net/iqraa/iqraa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JordanSport.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/2EmrZPQ.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Jordan Sport (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://jrtv-live.ercdn.net/jordansporthd/jordansporthd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports1.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ONKNOAp.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 1 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports2.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/v8ULLqg.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 2 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/10.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports3.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BXfCvez.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/11.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports4.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TNZEKP6.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 4 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/12.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7uzAvQU.png" group-title="Arabic",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.media.gov.kw/LiveTV.aspx?PanChannel=KTVEthraa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/h3KYxEp.png" group-title="Sports",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.media.gov.kw/LiveTV.aspx?PanChannel=KTVSportPlus
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MakkahTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PRPcOi0.png" group-title="Arabic",Makkah TV (576p)
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8122/8122/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ePBvFC8.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://d3o3cim6uzorb4.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1USA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/aiqEXrk.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 1 USA (1080p)
https://shls-mbc1na-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/84ab37e99d6e4b16b33c6600f94f6ccb/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC4.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/snkewG1.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 4 (1080p)
https://shls-masr-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/c08681f81775496ab4afa2bac7ae7638/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC5.ae" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3b/5_MBC.webp/512px-5_MBC.webp.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 5 (1080p)
https://shls-mbc5-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/2720564b6a4641658fdfb6884b160da2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCAction.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8p2HNi0.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Action (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://shls-mbcaction-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/68dd761538e5460096c42422199d050b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCBollywood.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tYOxhA9.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Bollywood (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCDrama.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PG9VUn4.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Drama KSA (1080p)
https://shls-mbcdramaksa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/ce0f0762d89e4394a856c5fd13e43645/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCDramaUSA.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7497ekR.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Drama USA (1080p)
https://shls-mbc-drama-usa-prod.shahid.net/out/v1/efb67fc5c04a40778cd5c21e2e7ea884/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCFM.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hj3AzDO.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC FM (1080p)
https://mbcfm-riyadh-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/69c8a03f507e422f99cf5c07291c9e3a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCIraq.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5CtT0ck.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Iraq (1080p)
https://shls-iraq-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/c9bf1e87ea66478bb20bc5c93c9d41ea/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasr.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/lMNtYqf.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Masr 1 (1080p)
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/b7093401da27496797a8949de23f4578/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasrUSA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fjZSqGZ.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Masr 1 USA (1080p)
https://shls-mbc-masr-usa-prod.shahid.net/out/v1/d4fded7d5df04b88b9ea1db61d00f095/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasr2.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Qh8455q.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Masr 2 (1080p)
https://shls-masr2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/f683685242b549f48ea8a5171e3e993a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPlusDrama.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6yH88Q1.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Plus Drama (1080p)
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicAbuDhabi.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fNA00VF.png" group-title="Documentary",National Geographic Abu Dhabi (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/NationalGeographicHDChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NoorDubai.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FP2yHkl.png" group-title="Arabic",Noor Dubai (576p)
https://dmiffthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/noordubaitv/smil:noordubaitv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTV2.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iWJxDUm.png" group-title="Arabic",Qatar TV 2 (720p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026574/qtv2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTV.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/N5RB4sp.png" group-title="Arabic",Qatar TV (360p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026573/qtv1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranRadio.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ut0kr4x.png" group-title="Arabic",Quran Radio (720p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.aloula.sa/live/quranradio
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaEgypt.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dGlKoLW.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Cinema (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-cinema-egypt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pGgp38I.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-cinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pMMUvkt.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Classic (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-classic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClip.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nhREk0o.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Clip (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-clip
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaComedy.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IlT8U6S.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Comedy (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://rotanastudios-rotanacomedy-1-eu.xiaomi.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaDrama.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/btnhPjZ.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Drama (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-drama
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKhalijia.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6HMluzv.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Khalijia (1080p)
https://shls-rotanakhalijia-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a639fd49db684f1b8c063d398101a888/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKids.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YQKf0tq.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Kids (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-kids
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaPlusHD.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b1piasb.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana+ (1080p)
https://shls-rotanaplus-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/1fc6103458be480b96e6a574b00fe1c0/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SamaDubai.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bF6I3N1.jpg" group-title="Arabic",Sama Dubai (1080p)
https://dmieigthvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/samadubaiht/smil:samadubai.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SamaTV.sy" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9DoOxD0.png" group-title="Arabic",Sama TV (578p) [Not 24/7]
http://142.132.224.85:1935/redirect/live/smil:mystream1.smil?scheme=m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiaRadio.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CvrR7wW.png" group-title="Arabic",Saudia Radio (720p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.aloula.sa/live/saudiaradio
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBC.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9JSQglj.png" group-title="Arabic",SBC (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IaRaabJ.jpg" group-title="Sports",Sharjah Sports TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tq5Aj9i.png" group-title="Arabic",Sharjah TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc1live/smc1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SpacetoonArabic.ae" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/2b/Spacetoon_logo.png" group-title="Arabic",Spacetoon (1080p)
https://shls-spacetoon-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/6240b773a3f34cca95d119f9e76aec02/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/agc0IZF.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://af.ayassport.ir/hls2/ssc1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleedExtra.sa" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/Saudi_Sports_Company_logo_20210721.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC Action Waleed Extra (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://d2x08mwxhmpplo.cloudfront.net/out/v1/587631773e55495a8aa3dd4050318f6e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SudanTV.sd" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ouF6sCH.png" group-title="Arabic",Sudan TV (720p)
https://castor.streamthatvideo.co:8081/sudantv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tamazight.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RuxiIGY.png" group-title="Arabic",Tamazight (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/tamazight_tv8_snrt/hls_snrt/tamazight_tv8_snrt.m3u8
https://cdn.catiacast.video/abr/ed8f807e2548db4507d2a6f4ba0c4a06/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TeleMaroc.ma" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/Logotelemaroc.jpeg" group-title="Arabic",Télé Maroc (1080p)
https://api.new.livestream.com/accounts/27130247/events/8196478/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ThikrayatTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AKa1X9d.png" group-title="Arabic",Thikrayat TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TurkmenistanSport.tm" tvg-logo="https://turkmentv.gov.tm/assets/img/live-imgs/sport.png" group-title="Sports",Türkmenistan Sport (406p) [Not 24/7]
https://alpha.tv.online.tm/hls/ch004.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Setanta Sports 1" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Setanta Sports 1
https://ucdn.beetv.kz/btv/live/hls/000004498.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Setanta Sports 2" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Setanta Sports 2
https://ucdn.beetv.kz/btv/live/hls/000004499.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Aio Sport1 " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Aio Sport1
https://af.ayas.ir/hls2/aiosport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="VarzeshTV " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",VarzeshTV
https://live.aionet.ir/hls/varzesh/varzesh_360/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bein Sport 2 En " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",BEin Sport 2 EN 
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/Bein_Sports_English_2_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bein Sport 1 En " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",BEin Sport 1 EN
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/Bein_Sports_English_1_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SuperSport Premier League" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",SuperSport Premier League
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/SuperSport_Premier_League_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SuperSport Football" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",SuperSport Football
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/SuperSport_Football_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT SPORT 1" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",TNT Sport 1
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/TNT_Sports_1_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky Sport Football" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Sky Sport Football
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/Sky_Sports_Football_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WatanTV.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pZyKaUH.png" group-title="Arabic",Watan TV (1080p)
https://cdg8.edge.technocdn.com/watantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Watania1.tn" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wMoxANe.png" group-title="Arabic",Watania 1 (720p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCdvWVsmQBROkgcGzVep73oA.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Watania2.tn" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TL6Kjij.png" group-title="Arabic",Watania 2 (576p)
http://live.watania2.tn:1935/live/watanya2.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Yas.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bvAAXLW.png" group-title="Sports",Yas (1080p)
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/yastv/smil:yastv.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZeeAflam.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nUmsyGt.png" group-title="Arabic",Zee Aflam (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_aflam/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZeeAlwan.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBL7YrC.png" group-title="Arabic",Zee Alwan (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_alwan/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Rambo1 " tvg-logo="https://www.faselhd.express/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/first_blood_ver2-400x600.jpg" group-title="Vod",First Blood
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/GrjNZDRn5weY9Ccg9O37Sg/1704687384/normal/0/79.139.39.99/no/319c51c60cebd883ca1c569d513a22a3/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IP MAN " tvg-logo="src="https://web1.faselhd-watch.buzz/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/ab7199466d390a251dacf81553f57172.jpg"" group-title="VOD",فيلم-roundup-no-way-2023-مترجم
https://r900--3k3qbmcz.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/NiHG40Gpa7WVGW_pD-ogMQ/1702741598/all/all/176.9.113.53/no/DE/0/03-02/4/e23d5385d6a575b91b1b855418591069/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="kase3" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 1 |حــارش ووارش| ناشع
https://dai.ly/x2y1lzr
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 2 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qxwad 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 3 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qxwae
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 4 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 5 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 6 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7r1m83
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 7 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 8 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdx
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26"الحلقة 9 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqe0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 10 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 11 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7r1m82
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 12 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7w8ubu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 13 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 14 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcm1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 15 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcm7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 16 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcmc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 17 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdqm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 18 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdqr
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 19 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdqb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 20 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0er
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 21 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdq7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 22 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0ez
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 23 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0f4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 24 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0fw
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 25 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuwk
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 26 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuwv
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 27 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuwn
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 28 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuxc
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 29 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wjqbc
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 30 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wjqag
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://z.ifushaar.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Shanghai-Noon-2000.jpg" group-title="|Movies|", فيلم Shanghai Noon 2010 مترجم" 
https://aflam-cdn-cash-18-tgb.dialymotion.online/yh5cazrjpxikjnl75zqkr3d3u266z3rigkcrwbzs3woqfs2de7j2cvwm3fnq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://z.ifushaar.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Drunken-Master-1978-tt80179-11230.jpg" group-title="|Movies|, " فيلم Shanghai Noon 2001 مترجم"
https://aflam-cdn-cash-17-dui.dialymotion.online/yh5cgcakpxikjnl75zq2r33rwkragkwctbogovndtnopnxuev7bln5gdy7za/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://shorturl.at/lmoTV" group-title="|Movies|", فيلم Badland Hunters 2024 مترجم اون لاين
https://dayt-fer-o9.gamescdn.online:183/d/32nnnu3hmi3hdr7ek4kobpq7ucsufds2asy56zwdbqmif4nnonz67tdmugf4hws326vqvuhv/video.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="
https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/MV5BODQyMjMwNTMtMjA4YS00MGI4LTkxOWItZWI1YTViNmE5ZWUwXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTQwODg1NTU3._V1_SX300.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",  فيلم The Roundup 2022
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/tmKcfnOmzUibpuRWDTKF9A/1710218646/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/1b54b2f268a6d2a2a9cbfe7724de7340/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://shorturl.at/prtX0" group-title="|Movies|",  فيلم The Roundup: No Way Out 2023 مترجم 
https://dai.ly/x8mosr2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ASpor.tr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZhkZzLf.png" group-title="Sports",A Spor (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://ythls.armelin.one/channel/UCJElRTCNEmLemgirqvsW63Q.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6BVWk8z.png" group-title="Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4rVm3oZ.png" group-title="Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AntenaSport.ro" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PThJPu2.png" group-title="Sports",AntenaSport (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream1.antenaplay.ro/as/asrolive1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ArenaSport3.ba" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3r3burN.png" group-title="Sports",Arena Sport 3 BA (1080p)
http://94.250.2.6:7374/play/a02o/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arryadia.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XjzK3gZ.png" group-title="Sports",Arryadia (360p) [Not 24/7]
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/arriadia/hls_snrt/arriadia.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports1.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBpLsbC.png" group-title="Sports",Bahrain Sports 1 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:sportsone_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports2.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZkuZmIo.png" group-title="Sports",Bahrain Sports 2 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahrainsportstwo_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSPORTSXTRA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/uJosqHh.png" group-title="Sports",BeIN SPORTS XTRA (720p)
https://lnc-bein.tubi.video/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSPORTSXTRAenEspanol.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/V562tpO.png" group-title="Sports",BeIN SPORTS XTRA En Espanol (720p)
https://lnc-bein-espanol.tubi.video/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/H2TTn7t.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Racing 2 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Vg4fxmc.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Racing 3 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BpcV8jS.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Racing (1080p)
https://dmisvthvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/events/smil:events.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Poxw8lG.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Sports 1 (1080p)
https://dmitnthfr.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PMJ7Zmo.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Sports 2 (720p)
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U0A8Gex.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ERTSports1.gr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EsczO2H.png" group-title="Sports",ERT Sports 1 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://cbd537474fbad4634b64787657ff6456.msvdn.net/sports1/ert_sports1_main/mainabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ERTSports2.gr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b2SNQPi.png" group-title="Sports",ERT Sports 2 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://cbd537474fbad4634b64787657ff6456.msvdn.net/sports2/ert_sports2_main/mainabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Esport3.es" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tkjUFzb.png" group-title="Sports",Esport3 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://directes-tv-cat.ccma.cat/live-origin/esport3-hls/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HardKnocks.ca" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nt9B6jx.png" group-title="Sports",Hard Knocks (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://d3uyzhwvmemdyf.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/HardKnocks-SportsTribal/121.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IdmanTV.az" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fM9FOrZ.png" group-title="Sports" user-agent="ExoPlayer2/2.37",Idman
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=ExoPlayer2/2.37
https://edge02.odtv.az/o7/idman/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS1.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/vEpjLnj.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 1 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs18
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS2.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/g1GLVH2.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 2 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs19
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS3.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xdI361E.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 3 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs21
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS4.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBcyZNL.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 4 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JOJSport.sk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KirqaU4.png" group-title="Sports",JOJ Šport (1080p)
https://st01-2.iptv.joj.sk/110-tv-pc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JordanSport.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/2EmrZPQ.png" group-title="Sports",Jordan Sport (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://jrtv-live.ercdn.net/jordansporthd/jordansporthd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LaRedondaTV.ec" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/a5SxXvJ.jpg" group-title="Sports",La Redonda TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://ythls.armelin.one/channel/UCG_S--F4wcdre2-8PG9YlhA.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="M4Sport.hu" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TQ4uJZk.png" group-title="Sports",M4 Sport (1080p)
http://146.59.85.40:89/m4hd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNetSport.mk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7k8ar1Z.png" group-title="Sports",M-Net Sport (720p)
http://ares.mnet.mk/hls/mnet-sport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MadeinBOTV.it" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/47X44DD.png" group-title="Sports",MadeinBO TV (1080p)
https://srvx1.selftv.video/dmchannel/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Match4.hu" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hzexBLX.png" group-title="Sports",Match4
http://194.76.186.33:8000/play/a04d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MAVTV.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4fqvwEk.png" group-title="Sports",MavTV Global
https://mavtv-mavtvglobal-1-be.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MUTV.uk" tvg-logo="https://d2n0069hmnqmmx.cloudfront.net/epgdata/1.0/newchanlogos/512/512/skychb1834.png" group-title="Sports",MUTV (720p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/r2d2c4ca5bf57456fb1d16255c1a535c8/eu-west-1/6058004203001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBATV.us" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/d2/NBA_TV.svg/512px-NBA_TV.svg.png" group-title="Sports",NBA TV (720p)
http://line.gofast-tv.me/play/live.php?extension=ts&mac=00:1A:79:6F:5A:5D&stream=749756
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NTVSpor.tr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5pvsIsL.png" group-title="Sports",NTV Spor
http://46.4.193.238:8484/hls/ntvspor/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="OmanSportsTV.om" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1omi7p8.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Oman Sports TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://partneta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/omsport/smil:omsport.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="OvacionTV.pe" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7Xndgxk.png" group-title="Sports",Ovacion TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://cdn2.ujjina.com:1935/iptvovacion1/liveovacion1tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Pac12Insider.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/736QREy.png" group-title="Sports",Pac 12 Insider (1080p)
https://pac12-roku-us.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PBRRidePass.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gUxH97E.png" group-title="Sports",PBR RidePass [Geo-blocked]
https://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/60d39387706fe50007fda8e8/master.m3u8?already_redirected=true&appVersion=0&deviceDNT=0&deviceId=0&deviceMake=0&deviceModel=0&deviceType=0&deviceVersion=0&sid=62f4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PersianaSports.fr" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/q1XfMN9/Persiana-Sports.png" group-title="Sports",Persiana Sports (720p)
https://af.ayas.ir/hls2/persiana.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVActionSports.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fmyakPG.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Action Sports (720p)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5db867744f229f0009266784/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVExtreme.fr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b1xrzns.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Extrême (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f8ed327f9e9b0000761141e/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fight.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bBv4p5K.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Fight (720p)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5ad9bda9fd87eb3a2717cce0/master.m3u8?advertisingId=&appName=web&appStoreUrl=&appVersion=DNT&app_name=&architecture=&buildVersion=&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=5ad9bda9fd87eb3a2717cce0&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&deviceType=web&deviceVersion=DNT&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=DE&serverSideAds=false&sid=5c2fb668-242f-4e7f-a025-087099fd0aca&terminate=false&userId=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVGloryKickboxing.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tS7Ub7i.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Glory Kickboxing (720p)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5ad9be1be738977e2c312134/master.m3u8?advertisingId=&appName=web&appStoreUrl=&appVersion=DNT&app_name=&architecture=&buildVersion=&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=5ad9be1be738977e2c312134&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&deviceType=web&deviceVersion=DNT&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=DE&serverSideAds=false&sid=f6e88030-d7c8-47c8-8fed-7e24dd0a038a&terminate=false&userId=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RealMadridTV.es" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5pMo7dL.png" group-title="Sports",Real Madrid
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=1545
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RealitateaSportiva.ro" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BaEyZto.png" group-title="Sports",Realitatea Sportivă (720p)
https://streamx.realitatea.net/realitatea/sportiva_md/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IaRaabJ.jpg" group-title="Sports",Sharjah Sports TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SKITV.ch" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S6qgwLG.png" group-title="Sports",Ski TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://d2xeo83q8fcni6.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/SkiTV-SynapseTV/193.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyRacing1.au" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hf0EiaW.png" group-title="Sports",Sky Racing 1 (720p) [Geo-blocked]
https://skylivetab-new.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038780/sky1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyRacing2.au" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TxQvFnQ.png" group-title="Sports",Sky Racing 2 (720p) [Geo-blocked]
https://skylivetab-new.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038781/sky2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyThoroughbredCentral.au" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1SxIsnw.png" group-title="Sports",Sky Thoroughbred Central (720p) [Geo-blocked]
https://skylivetab-new.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038782/stcsd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SonySportsTen5.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/40BbQUd.png" group-title="Sports" user-agent="stream",Sony Six HD (1080p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=stream
http://103.81.104.118/hls/stream10.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SonySportsTen1.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hWo7Ba4.png" group-title="Sports",Sony Sports Ten 1 (1080p)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/wG75n5U8RrOKiFzaWObXbA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSC1HD.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dM7GQXG.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC 1 (720p)
http://5.62.130.10/auth/_BOCH35dvlbnZGpTddQlTaziNRI4_-dYTQAGcmR-2q_B8mW5dhC0rw1dwP6glXokwO-gKTb4tzmes3_kq33GjRWHO_gUXD7F0cQ6KAL1GDy4uwdfLUThJXxHcoorxTAuaSRNGSTzT3x8JIKZByi97g2sRgCoYUiKcOqEaANdlz_GkRrSOm1Da0_GapsjB22Fp3v6WT7-_Li33cho7DSSisPPMcMaLOr-LziCqvZRN3-3sI5O2D6yWD-O5GUIxu7K0HhsTzwqhYX7s-R8gWBemEGZKo1aB6gagDixPWt5gIuI-2bf19ZSF0t00ossH271f2eDL7mIbmenG6Y_BcEIL2GF9A9Z461JoVra6ukdi8njNif3Bf6izBHoOM2GwdX_tMK_yzY6-SmwD_vkFc4jvSc-NlTvdc_TdkD6F5f_SF7oZeiBq_UNnNPLYi3OU12ac6zIHscw1QHzSvi3ySAWaFQuZE7kjJ6frmQSy5J_UtXxM4K0KVSpc_GVHzr9BURwhqcDCpyzAi1UIibAcUQoOc1Ngqb4oKKGxnbilvC19auioZpPIi1fnR8bOYQRmY8GPg5V_TLEB3V2zXQaIJHrFpn-SDX5u-XlEY2CL4E-q9E
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/agc0IZF.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Stadium.us" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/5/53/Stadium_%28sports_network%29_logo.svg/512px-Stadium_%28sports_network%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports",Stadium (720p)
https://lnc-stadium.tubi.video/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SuperTennis.it" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/thumb/6/6a/SuperTennis_-_Logo_2016.svg/512px-SuperTennis_-_Logo_2016.svg.png" group-title="Sports",Super Tennis (1080p)
https://supertennix-l3-live1.secure.footprint.net/restreamer/supertennix_client/gpu-a-c0-16/restreamer/rtmp/hls/h24_supertennix/manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SwerveSports.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GT0Yi2T.png" group-title="Sports",Swerve Sports (1080p)
https://linear-253.frequency.stream/dist/glewedtv/253/hls/master/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSports7.th" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Xuo2fMZ.png" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/81.0.4044.138 Safari/537.36",T Sports 7 (720p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/81.0.4044.138 Safari/537.36
https://cdn6.goprimetime.info/feed/eI5rczhSQpWBcgOtqRLNWw/chtsport/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TDMSports.mo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AsWLf8S.png" group-title="Sports",TDM Sports Ch. 93 (720p)
https://live3.tdm.com.mo/ch4/sport_ch4.live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Teledeporte.es" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b0H5f62.png" group-title="Sports",Teledeporte (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://rtvelivestream.akamaized.net/rtvesec/tdp/tdp_main.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bein Sport HD" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NoJvlig.png" group-title="Sports", (720p)
https://unlimited6-cl.dps.live/sportinghd/sportinghd.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNTSports.br" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/TNT_Sports_2021_logo.svg/512px-TNT_Sports_2021_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports",TNT Sports Brasil (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_01/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TRSport.it" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ELXmaqg.png" group-title="Sports",TR Sport (480p)
https://livetr.teleromagna.it/mia/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TraceSportStars.fr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FabFP5A.png" group-title="Sports",Trace Sports Stars
https://trace-sportstars-samsungnz.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TurkmenistanSport.tm" tvg-logo="https://turkmentv.gov.tm/assets/img/live-imgs/sport.png" group-title="Sports",Türkmenistan Sport (406p) [Not 24/7]
https://alpha.tv.online.tm/hls/ch004.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2Sport1.no" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/asKHqNZ.png" group-title="Sports",TV 2 Sport 1 (720p)
https://ws31-hls-live.akamaized.net/out/u/1416253.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVMax.pa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XcrkfGh.png" group-title="Sports",TVMAX (720p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/74f665e9ff8447639d4de4b8b458d8ae/us-east-1/6058004209001/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Belarus5.by" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NJsRFud.png" group-title="Sports",Беларусь 5 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://ngtrk.dc.beltelecom.by/ngtrk/smil:belarus5.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Belarus5Internet.by" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rzPQ9Iz.png" group-title="Sports",Беларусь 5 Интернет (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge59.dc.beltelecom.by/ngtrk/smil:belarus5int.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BoksTV.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/R1UjyfX.png" group-title="Sports",Бокс ТВ
http://stream01.vnet.am/BoksTv/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportivnyy.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ujS6mMo.png" group-title="Sports",Спортивный
http://moobl.ru/hls/Sportivny_hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Start.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/VBqVkno.png" group-title="Sports",Старт (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://strm.yandex.ru/kal/start/start0.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="StartTriumf.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/L9jTieL.png" group-title="Sports",СТАРТ Триумф
https://bl.webcaster.pro/media/playlist/free_fe8dc1b768a84b8b0333db826471f17e_hd/33_85479982/1080p/8666c3e935faf6ef47ffd601e8e48868/4821408969.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sport.kg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ORCu0w0.png" group-title="Sports",УТРК Спорт (720p)
https://64e5ed58c00d4.streamlock.net/live/smil:sport.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Futbolnyy.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qAse3wV.png" group-title="Sports",Футбольный
http://moobl.ru/hls/Futbolniy_hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ShandongTVSportsChannel.cn" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zX4RxvG.png" group-title="Sports",山东体育 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://livealone302.iqilu.com/iqilu/typd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 30
https://dai.ly/x7wru7z
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 29
https://dai.ly/x7wrau1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 28
https://dai.ly/x7wratv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 27
https://dai.ly/x7wrasz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 26
https://dai.ly/x7wrasy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 25
https://dai.ly/x7wrasf
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 24
https://dai.ly/x7wrasd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 23
https://dai.ly/x7wrasb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 22
https://dai.ly/x7wrasa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 21
https://dai.ly/x7wp8lp
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 20
https://dai.ly/x7wp8lg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 19
https://dai.ly/x7wp8l0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 18
https://dai.ly/x7wp8ku
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 17
https://dai.ly/x7wp8kq
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 16
https://dai.ly/x7wmz66
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 15
https://dai.ly/x7wmz62
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 14
https://dai.ly/x7wmz5w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 13
https://dai.ly/x7wmz5u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 12
https://dai.ly/x7wmz1d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 11
https://dai.ly/x7wmz1a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 10
https://dai.ly/x7wkl7o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 9
https://dai.ly/x7wjqd5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 8
https://dai.ly/x7wkl6f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 7
https://dai.ly/x7wkl5v
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 6
https://dai.ly/x7wkl5k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 5
https://dai.ly/x7wkl4j
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 4
https://dai.ly/x7wkl4h
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 3
https://dai.ly/x7wkl4f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 2
https://dai.ly/x7wjqd5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 1
https://dai.ly/x7wjqbw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 30
https://dai.ly/x6zg8ys
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 29
https://dai.ly/x6zg8tv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 28
https://dai.ly/x6zg8mb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 27
https://dai.ly/x6zg8hx
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 26
https://dai.ly/x6zef4h
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 25
https://dai.ly/x6zef1n
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 24
https://dai.ly/x6zeex9
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 23
https://dai.ly/x6zeevl
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 22
https://dai.ly/x6zeebo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 21
https://dai.ly/x6z7gu1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 20
https://dai.ly/x6z6w4f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 19
https://dai.ly/x6z6vdt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 18
https://dai.ly/x6z6v9y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 17
https://dai.ly/x6z5et0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 16
https://dai.ly/x6z5ds8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 15
https://dai.ly/x6z5dkt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 14
https://dai.ly/x6z3dy6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 13
https://dai.ly/x6z3dgd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 12
https://dai.ly/x6z3ddk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo=https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg"" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 11
https://dai.ly/x6z3czf
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 10
https://dai.ly/x6z3cvy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 9
https://dai.ly/x6z1fs7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 8
https://dai.ly/x6z1fql
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 7
https://dai.ly/x6z1es1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 6
https://dai.ly/x6z1enw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 5
https://dai.ly/x6z1ee7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 4
https://dai.ly/x6yu68e
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 3
https://dai.ly/x6yu5dz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 2
https://dai.ly/x6yu4v2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 1
https://dai.ly/x7qt599

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhdwatch.mom/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Open_Season_Scared_Silly_2016_DVD_Cover-400x600.jpg" group-title="Kids",فيلم Inside Out 2015 مدبلج
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/cWOQ6WuHVCsTWCwjAwbumw/1720064989/normal/0/79.139.35.16/no/e2536ec7f5a4ded2d4818f5641a3449f/web1.faselhdwatch.mom/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhdwatch.mom/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Inside_Out_poster_araby.png" group-title="Kids",فيلم Inside Out 2015 مدبلج
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/HOUWl7INcdfH8WagyjxMsw/1720064819/normal/0/79.139.35.16/no/ff5dc7182f9611a75e8b11b8e079125b/web1.faselhdwatch.mom/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Eoro 2024",Futbol (1080p)
https://live.teleradiocom.tj/8/3m.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhdwatch.mom/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/4343a3da2166309eb898c56b2dca9e7b.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Roundup: Punishment 2024 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/czes79_sxDz2mgcMQUFlFg/1720937449/normal/0/79.139.35.16/no/c309e9eba3be5bf75a30ab63de6a0589/web1.faselhdwatch.sbs/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51f03SDiVlL._AC_UF894,1000_QL80_.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم the fugitive مترجم
https://fast-cdn-chash-4-kmt.dialymotion.online/hls/mkkhawpzcasl4zz6qkbfiu2jgdsdaxmg6oo2zqftq,524s5fnfbgx6doms2wa,xh4s5fnfbgubxk4y4pq,.urlset/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRea2G2-J3TRYaFApmwcEbgaWdon65ESp_25A&s" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Negotiator 1998 مترجم
https://fast-cdn-chash-4-kmt.dialymotion.online/hls/mkkhawpzcasl4zz6qkbfiu2jgdsdaxmg6oo2zqftq,524s5fnfbgx6doms2wa,xh4s5fnfbgubxk4y4pq,.urlset/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="ttps://www.faselhd.link/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MV5BZTNiYTUwMDgtY2M4My00ZDAwLWIyYWYtYjM0ODBkNGRmMzRkL2ltYWdlXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjQzNDI3NzY@._V1_-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم U.S. Marshals مترجم 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/tn4K5RHJTTuHZ5HyCIL3Vg/1710479114/normal/0/82.102.16.174/no/da12dad1a567fd3173b2e21bf220a73d/www.faselhd.link/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/secqfRyM3WfvpWR1tm5EIp7AU0w-400x600.jpg" group-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSfakFUMmVygvfqVeweqhvIpEfCkITpbF-0fg&usqp=CAU"group-title="|Movies|",Léon The Professional 1994
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/cSiC_4mKGln9Nk9OF1famQ/1710389596/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/e57a4144671cba3761d979598f812999/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn-ukwest.onetrust.com/logos/e254ed09-78a7-4b5e-8950-187956d71d49/0e46aba6-7deb-4831-8a6c-0265373b3544/c8e1c986-14cb-4b3d-b58b-8956f3426256/arsenal-logo-2.png"group-title="arsenal matches",ارسنال - مان ستي 2015 الشوط 1
http://ok.ru/video/2134424160944
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://img.yts.mx/assets/images/movies/Rush_Hour_1998/medium-cover.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم Rush Hour 1998  
https://dai.ly/k3ib89zKxQ7aVTAEct6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://my-live-01.slatic.net/p/be1722291b0d466b9c4fcd8aa7058800.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم  Badland Hunters 2024  
https://dai.ly/x8xc2cs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/MV5BMTM3ODkwODM3OF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNjUzMDg5._V1_.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم Friday After Next 2002 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/51MOaYQcmXJMeNCrNhNESA/1712553478/normal/0/77.223.247.62/no/439ba87da3de9e4e0405306e73e16c7f/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/snowden_ver2_xlg-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم snowden 2016 مترجم 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/W4_yuA5D11Ew0SCccQ0jOQ/1710218478/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/7ac457b4f2b409422b17559743baa899/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/shawshank_redemption_ver2-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",shawshank redemption 1994 مترجم 
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/ARkVJklx5GahZHzmstkEiA/1710139726/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/4b702759b06698b22c80c580286d6abd/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/p160411_p_v8_aa-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم 16 Blocks (2006) مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/fqskk3U9yl1AvLzKnpPpBg/1710139393/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/71696a6ae9a00b91761dd7f35bcf5cd7/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/barbershop_the_next_cut_xlg.jpg" group-title="|Movies|", فيلم Barbershop The Next Cut 2016 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/9o7huOIdiF50G1ksxkNSBw/1713604746/normal/0/77.223.230.119/no/da816fce59643c76cd4306f06bfcc0a0/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/onTSipZ8R3bliBdKfPtsDuHTdlL.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Home Alone 1990 مترجم
https://dai.ly/x8ps3ur
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/2003-swat-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",SWAT  2003 مترجم
https://r465--4tmgnygn.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/sKsHStrTfot0jdyD8mAV1g/1713780667/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/04-02/3/34041c75a5a65957d6b30b5fdb2186f2/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://musicart.xboxlive.com/7/4f2a5100-0000-0000-0000-000000000002/504/image.jpg?w=1920&h=1080" group-title="|Movies|",The Gangster, The Cop, The Devil (2019) مترجم
https://r465--5z6nc80t.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/OlpPgrEX1IL7ohycqpJofQ/1713782188/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/05-02/3/3d5e26673c1b9966b989492769d409f0/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.faselhdwatch.top/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/dc7fbc65197378a2f9440dbfee65c0a6.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم Citizen of a Kind 2024 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/0qdJL72mvqvrTCmuhWuaXQ/1713082596/normal/0/176.9.113.53/no/e76710e6fe4cfc9f2ce889ed669bcd62/www.faselhdwatch.top/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0043.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1777b30cd6e5c931532eab9d50a7409f0b169748997e0babce6c48416cf4a239.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية العظماء السبعة
https://dai.ly/x8fw76d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_ade065a75e27482735b33f36b18e450bc77246311b8932860bfb9cdd46c890e9.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية العظماء السبعة
https://dai.ly/x8cy0ia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_a4bc477526dd4f6dbc7e5d60e448321a16dd8141b9c90166c920ff318939679a.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية سوبر ماركت الجزء الثاني
https://dai.ly/x8o7gp9
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_86f54e401cdd421cec02c5f1ec4321d49a33c22bbf3936e3c33854888e6af7e5.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية ليلة زفتة
https://dai.ly/x8d5ido
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_323eb51154db9f4a3a710266f545f42ef32d44737871c36d3fe2cd9c6f46b22b.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية كشته 
https://dai.ly/x4mmd6o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_02c82235bf57fba5fdc63ebaf8740f382f3717ee61f77525df1820d54734c19d.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية خبز خبزتيه 
https://dai.ly/x8d16kv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_44376f04d38edf4cc8cea5fa522c6d5c5f84be3c5b201d4ba46d3669bd4d3751.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية مبروك ماجاكم  
https://dai.ly/x8cynjm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_44376f04d38edf4cc8cea5fa522c6d5c5f84be3c5b201d4ba46d3669bd4d3751.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية  الحكم لكم   
https://dai.ly/x8d39rw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_44376f04d38edf4cc8cea5fa522c6d5c5f84be3c5b201d4ba46d3669bd4d3751.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|",مسرحية   هلوسة كاملة   
https://dai.ly/x8fw76d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://assets.bein.com/bmg/sites/3/2022/11/NEWS_Channel_Full_Color.jpg" group-title="|youtybe|",bein sport news
https://www.youtube.com/embed/dEmHyqMlclA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://assets.raya.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/04132644/beIN-SPORTS-Logo.png" group-title="|youtybe|",bein sport 
https://www.youtube.com/embed/sNHYWrn7j4I?si=Y4c8ixY9hREwdBRS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://ww.cimafans.co/thumb/r/files/image/-1678957792724.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",fearless hyena 2 1983
https://qwe50x-01.stwsxcd.shop/6jmnu5o3uiazsalriwyqfzvvljarcadzdfc67rbbznb4fpvbqunolr4od5za/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/rA6nQwEJAWGfA12JCktfV7JSJKT.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Crime Story 1993
https://aflam-cdn-cash-1-qze.dialymotion.online/yh5cbvqnpxikjnl75zpkr6jfu4auk26ocy46gn7xn4qkw3ugsc46tjxgr5iq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/yip_man_three_ver8-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",IP MAN 2015
https://dai.ly/x8hnxux
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/MV5BMzU3OTI0MDA1Ml5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNzA1NzU3._V1_-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Police story 2004
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/jm5A2OSpvBdZkmFKt_LvsA/1710312138/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/549babfd0652d55f3d4684b08078ef7b/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/last_stand_ver3-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",The Last Stand
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/5WlF-iCPXFCxAKqSjrzSag/1708386472/normal/0/94.98.74.74/no/1cecb2289781c7a6e14e6cc40f28373b/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MV5BMTYwNTY2NTkzNV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwMjE2ODA3._V1_.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Taxi 2004
https://r465--6ab8ivko.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/cuhY-FFjDLVMU4n9r8cJWg/1713781804/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/06-02/4/1835a31e5be83e78e209b5822f4c7dc7/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/yip_man_2_ver10.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",IP MAN 2010
https://r465--3xa1wlsd.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/eWu-SaYyqTCZa909zTZxhg/1708320164/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/79.139.37.233/no/SA/0/03-02/4/e23d5385d6a575b91b1b855418591069/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/8143uwZE6LL._SL1500_-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",IP MAN 2008
https://dai.ly/x8u1bnk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/364692c105025aed94d5d59a5d601a9e.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",BeeKeeper
https://r465--2zudrdq9.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/YyF2Bh00Cz4tMvpm0K0dVA/1708149099/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/79.139.37.233/no/SA/0/02-02/2/d9cc9a2d0741c7de6c02c4cbc6155b61/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://0.soompi.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/14105011/bad-guys-5.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",Bad Guys: The Movie
https://dai.ly/x8sxr50
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/MV5BYTJlYjdiYTctOTg2NC00YzNhLTgwNTMtMDE1NWI2NjIwNDk3XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTE4OTg5ODA2._V1_SX300.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",The Policeman’s Lineage
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/L4CsbILHKCQTEdoFxMXH9g/1706768246/normal/0/77.223.247.246/no/6588ad39a9c68f766729dfd89034c3b2/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/karate_kid_ver2.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Karate Kid 2010 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/v1jVAGWkrI8gOBQGJ6MM9g/1706767594/normal/0/77.223.247.246/no/35bd7063e0f8b9b8604c26ce140f323f/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fc/DrunkenMasterII.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم The Legend Of Drunken Master 1994 مترجم
https://aflam-cdn-cash-18-tgb.dialymotion.online/yh5cgsaopxikjnl75zpkr4rpwnj2g22kpxkprfwdxbwswlekyd2ykzs73iiq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="
https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Bad-Boys-1995-400x600.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",1-فيلم-bad boys 1995 مترجم
https://r465--6ab8ivko.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/cuhY-FFjDLVMU4n9r8cJWg/1713781804/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/all/77.223.230.119/no/SA/0/06-02/4/1835a31e5be83e78e209b5822f4c7dc7/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.faselhdwatch.top/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/5bec45ca40303e45b77d03fea58c4fd7.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",فيلم-damaged-2024-مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/pC53GOuxvSJFEDXcImYioA/1713683369/normal/0/176.9.113.53/no/0cbd05cc8e9b30034c9198e96ee693b2/www.faselhdwatch.top/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://img.akw.onl/uploads/5I9Ez.jpg" group-title="|مسرحيات|", ليلة زفته
https://ybaoepafrxa113rred.cdn-hd.com/5r63ru24zbjivea6gvp3egq7nvgmrwdayf5kr7576iofo3d6qytq4z5tz46q/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="bein youtube" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PJYTfHi.png" group-title="Sport",bein youtube
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1704952390/ei/5i2fZdqEK4v7vdIPi8mq8Aw/ip/77.223.228.117/id/vHvTS2kRAcQ.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/xpc/EgVo2aDSNQ%3D%3D/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/sa/spc/UWF9fxrRecz2430oVah5Rf_RoU_87LHsULAPOJKQ12raWXA/vprv/1/go/1/pacing/0/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Cxpc%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AJfQdSswRQIhALfK4UdATpQn6F5Bvj9rv9hXNVB4Ef6kXz0elLr-pYTbAiA5KAIFa8IK5REkebtUCiYSmjOxr0USCNdGAcwhSPI9bA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg6QTosXccalKTTB9k3QGjqzy8kzymZyefw0614ZXL8W_nPlrR-6lvIi3QYlgvtT_jl6XcVTKmHebJwor5HwcmINCk31qS9vs_6EQiqrrzHT-uoplUqVHE8Skje1jYPfp4ymmvHdWI3seznbkDeASFJauZ04FEOe0BlnwdcHZaaeZ5y_OGulIjhV3sdhVE-/s800-c/1704028349_849.jpg" group-title="|VOD| Sport 2023",Arsenal Vs Fulaham first half(2023)
https://vod.cf.dmcdn.net/sec2(Ud16cmwHg04zmR3QydkSq4N3-lB5zaGR6Lswc8hB4ObpKQCD61U8CgVHR2NpjlCem7H-oEvD5VQFlmb4WHkUNiS8m3VfJxmROMgeY2XHqUOkE-VRYwJIMst0wWV8qMDqZvNJKE3vZss4OW0QCWnLFg)/video/042/261/529162240_mp4_h264_aac_hq_8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg6QTosXccalKTTB9k3QGjqzy8kzymZyefw0614ZXL8W_nPlrR-6lvIi3QYlgvtT_jl6XcVTKmHebJwor5HwcmINCk31qS9vs_6EQiqrrzHT-uoplUqVHE8Skje1jYPfp4ymmvHdWI3seznbkDeASFJauZ04FEOe0BlnwdcHZaaeZ5y_OGulIjhV3sdhVE-/s800-c/1704028349_849.jpg" group-title="|VOD| Sport 2023",Arsenal Vs Fulaham SEcound half(2023)
https://dai.ly/x8t9jj0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://web1.faselhd-watch.lat/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/1447930273861-400x600.jpg" group-title="V.O.D",فيلم The Young Master 1980 مترجم
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/zl7sQuygVCT_o1tktVV_eQ/1705731155/normal/0/176.9.113.53/no/cbd146d41676f67a620844376e5e0595/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Song" tvg-logo="https://vo-static.cdb.cdn.orange.com/adm-uae/Images/icon/at_65730e2567.png" group-title="Song",خالد عبدالرحمن الف ليلة 
https://tr-route2.adm.tcon.hlit.hvds.tv/Content/Hls/VOD/3990/1287/3522609d-c538-464e-8678-a5a9fc513905/82b249ab-5893-561b-1b2a-b221a78f723d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="وثائقي " tvg-logo="https://nowcdn.asharq.com/308x172/7086871571704817834.jpg" group-title="Documentary",بريطانيا جريمة غيرت القانون 
https://clvod.itworkscdn.net/bloombergvod/smil:itwfcdn/bloomberg/1884299-DSOCL6D1272px28.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="وثائقي " tvg-logo="https://nowcdn.asharq.com/308x172/13914120021704734182.jpg" group-title="Documentary",تسـميم نـهر ألامازون 
https://clvod.itworkscdn.net/bloombergvod/smil:itwfcdn/bloomberg/1884302-V26u5bVZBI56PEK.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiAloula.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/g7IRorO.jpeg" group-title="Arabic",Abu Dhabi Aloula (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiEmirates.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/OT6DW3E.png" group-title="Arabic",Abu Dhabi Emirates (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/EmiratesChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6BVWk8z.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4rVm3oZ.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AjmanTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hVNIwgE.png" group-title="Arabic",Ajman TV [Not 24/7]
https://dacastmmd.mmdlive.lldns.net/dacastmmd/d3e9fc3b874a46159ce3724d802e3f8d/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlAlam.ir" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Zdi31dy.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Alam (360p) [Not 24/7]
https://live2.alalam.ir/alalam.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NXFkYFj.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Arabiya (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCahpxixMCwoANAftn6IxkTg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlDafrahTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sOMOe9t.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Dafrah TV (1080p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.dailymotion.com/aldafrahtv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/V6QJtl6.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Ekhbariya (1080p) [Not 24/7]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.aloula.sa/live/alekhbariya
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/De4SEWE.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Hadath TV (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCrj5BGAhtWxDfqbza9T9hqA.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHayatTV.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/M8ZuzeB.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Hayat TV (720p)
http://media.islamexplained.com:1935/live/_definst_mp4:ahme.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlIraqiaSport.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DrrlxTO.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Al Iraqia Sport (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://au7live.tooliserver.com/live/149075_0.m3u8?session=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraChannel.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7bRVpnu.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Jazeera Arabic (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCfiwzLy-8yKzIbsmZTzxDgw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraBalkans.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rGxhsZ2.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Jazeera Balkans (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajb.getaj.net/AJB/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e6/Al_Jazeera_Doc.png" group-title="Documentary",Al Jazeera Documentary (270p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-web-ajd.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/90/Al_Jazeera_Mubasher_logo.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlKhalijTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Knd2lAQ.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Khalij (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://mn-nl.mncdn.com/khalij/khalij/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/QFnztgo.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Maaref (350p)
https://5e74a9d684b2e.streamlock.net/liveTrans/ngrp:channel23_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaghribia.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7GaahYh.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Maghribia (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/al_maghribia_snrt/hls_snrt/al_maghribia_snrt.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMamlakaTV.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6njRt6c.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Mamlaka TV (1080p)
https://almamlka-live.ercdn.net/almamlka/almamlka.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRasheedTV.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ltyRjPK.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Rasheed (408p) [Not 24/7]
https://media1.livaat.com/AL-RASHEED-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanTV.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/HYt41gL.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Rayyan (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alrayyanlive/alrayyan.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanOldTV.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4qB5iN0.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Rayyan Al Qadeem (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alrayyanqadeemlive/alrayyanqadeem.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GRQTndk.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Saudiya (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSharqiya.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mJIG5IV.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Sharqiya (1080p) [Not 24/7]
http://ns8.indexforce.com:1935/home/mystream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSharqiyaMinKabla.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WGX5SCx.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Sharqiya Min Kabla (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/kablatvlive/kabtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSunnahAlNabawiyahTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S6LcTJv.png" group-title="Arabic",Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah TV (Medina) (720p)
http://5b18be6964c2f.streamlock.net:1935/live/_definst_/sunnah/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdHolyQuran.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/JBelAQj.png" group-title="Arabic",Al-Majd Holy Quran (576p)
https://streann-msl4.akamaized.net/hls/live/2043201/quranhls2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdScientific.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6sHsvlP.png" group-title="Arabic",Al-Majd Scientific (576p)
https://streann-msl4.akamaized.net/hls/live/2043217/sciencehls/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlresalahTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/QFcyPoE.png" group-title="Arabic",Al-Resalah (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-elressalah
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Gp5mNea.png" group-title="Arabic",Alaraby 2 TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby2n/smil:alaraby2n.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YMqWEe4.png" group-title="Arabic",Alaraby TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby/smil:alaraby.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlerthAlnabawiChannel.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iYibJxK.png" group-title="Arabic",Alerth Alnabawi Channel (576p)
http://82.212.74.2:8000/live/7307.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlfathSonnahTV.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7VYJStp.png" group-title="Arabic",Alfath Sonnah TV (576p)
https://alfat7-q.com:5443/LiveApp/streams/713332814575062108399616.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlfathTV.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/87bdieg.png" group-title="Arabic",Alfath TV (576p)
https://alfat7-q.com:5443/LiveApp/streams/117655467302550619118331.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlmagdTVMiddleEast.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3pUik3b.png" group-title="Arabic",Almagd TV Middle East (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://597f64b67707a.streamlock.net/almagd.tv/almagd.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlmagdTVNorthAmerica.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3pUik3b.png" group-title="Arabic",Almagd TV North America (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/almagd.tv/almagd.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AmmanTV.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5l7kw0b.png" group-title="Arabic",Amman TV (720p)
https://ammantv.c.s73cdn.net/23153d43-375a-472a-bc5f-9827582b5d22/elemental/live/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arrabiaa.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mrwFI2L.png" group-title="Arabic",Arrabiaa (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/arrabiaa/hls_snrt/arrabiaa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arriadia.mr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/naX5CTw.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Arriadia (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/arriadia/hls_snrt/arriadia.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bqRC3sl.png" group-title="Arabic",Asharq News (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCRJUVYt9gjg8MnlGacySUdg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNewsPortrait.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bqRC3sl.png" group-title="Arabic",Asharq News Portrait (1280p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ed81ac1118414d4fa893d3a83ccec9be/eu-central-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Assadissa.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/un6qTGO.png" group-title="Arabic",Assadissa (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/assadissa/hls_snrt/assadissa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AssyrianANB.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/T8fRsUB.png" group-title="Arabic",Assyrian ANB (720p)
https://anbsat.ddns.net/anb/live/ANB/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Y2BqP9m.png" group-title="Arabic",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainInternational.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/t6Lmntr.png" group-title="Arabic",Bahrain International (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahraininternational_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainQuran.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/er5hOK4.png" group-title="Arabic",Bahrain Quran (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahrainquran_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports1.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBpLsbC.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Bahrain Sports 1 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:sportsone_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports2.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZkuZmIo.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Bahrain Sports 2 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahrainsportstwo_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainTV.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LTD0jIm.png" group-title="Arabic",Bahrain TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahraintvmain_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BaynounahTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n2nczHO.png" group-title="Arabic",Baynounah TV (1080p)
https://baynounah.cdn.mangomolo.com/btv/smil:btv.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBCArabic.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ScyTG6P.png" group-title="Arabic",BBC Arabic (720p)
https://vs-cmaf-pushb-ww-live.akamaized.net/x=3/i=urn:bbc:pips:service:bbc_arabic_tv/pc_hd_abr_v2.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BelqeesTV.ye" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bNDJlO0.png" group-title="Arabic",Belqees TV (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCxA_zZwALQMmVMSZyLKC-Nw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CartoonNetworkArabic.ae" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bb/Cartoon_Network_Arabic_logo.png/512px-Cartoon_Network_Arabic_logo.png" group-title="Arabic",Cartoon Network Arabia (1080p)
https://shls-cartoon-net-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/dc4aa87372374325a66be458f29eab0f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DuaTV.iq" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sFm9FMS.png" group-title="Arabic",Dua TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.ishiacloud.com/W67H7ddMzVHyXPrG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/H2TTn7t.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Racing 2 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Vg4fxmc.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Racing 3 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BpcV8jS.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Racing (1080p)
https://dmisvthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/events/smil:events.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iYgHR5D.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Sports 1 (1080p)
https://dmitnthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PMJ7Zmo.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Sports 2 (720p)
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U0A8Gex.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Dubai Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dWueFIE.png" group-title="Arabic",Dubai TV (576p)
http://210.210.155.37/uq2663/h/h152/index2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiZaman.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5Q5qMzP.png" group-title="Arabic",Dubai Zaman (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmiffthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaizaman/smil:dubaizaman.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DWArabic.de" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EfKe3ae.png" group-title="Arabic",DW Arabic (1080p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UC30ditU5JI16o5NbFsHde_Q.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FunoonTV.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tftyNDI.png" group-title="Arabic",Funoon (360p)
https://gulfsat.cdn.easybroadcast.fr/live/FunoonHd_abr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaArabic.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/HPVsIa4.png" group-title="Arabic",Iqraa (576p) [Not 24/7]
https://jmc-live.ercdn.net/iqraa/iqraa.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JordanSport.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/2EmrZPQ.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Jordan Sport (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://jrtv-live.ercdn.net/jordansporthd/jordansporthd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports1.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ONKNOAp.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 1 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports2.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/v8ULLqg.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 2 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/10.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports3.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BXfCvez.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/11.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KSASports4.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TNZEKP6.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",KSA Sports 4 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/12.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7uzAvQU.png" group-title="Arabic",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.media.gov.kw/LiveTV.aspx?PanChannel=KTVEthraa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/h3KYxEp.png" group-title="Sports",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.media.gov.kw/LiveTV.aspx?PanChannel=KTVSportPlus
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MakkahTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PRPcOi0.png" group-title="Arabic",Makkah TV (576p)
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8122/8122/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ePBvFC8.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://d3o3cim6uzorb4.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1USA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/aiqEXrk.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 1 USA (1080p)
https://shls-mbc1na-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/84ab37e99d6e4b16b33c6600f94f6ccb/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC4.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/snkewG1.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 4 (1080p)
https://shls-masr-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/c08681f81775496ab4afa2bac7ae7638/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC5.ae" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3b/5_MBC.webp/512px-5_MBC.webp.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC 5 (1080p)
https://shls-mbc5-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/2720564b6a4641658fdfb6884b160da2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCAction.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8p2HNi0.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Action (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://shls-mbcaction-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/68dd761538e5460096c42422199d050b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCBollywood.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tYOxhA9.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Bollywood (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCDrama.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PG9VUn4.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Drama KSA (1080p)
https://shls-mbcdramaksa-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/ce0f0762d89e4394a856c5fd13e43645/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCDramaUSA.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7497ekR.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Drama USA (1080p)
https://shls-mbc-drama-usa-prod.shahid.net/out/v1/efb67fc5c04a40778cd5c21e2e7ea884/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCFM.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hj3AzDO.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC FM (1080p)
https://mbcfm-riyadh-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/69c8a03f507e422f99cf5c07291c9e3a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCIraq.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5CtT0ck.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Iraq (1080p)
https://shls-iraq-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/c9bf1e87ea66478bb20bc5c93c9d41ea/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasr.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/lMNtYqf.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Masr 1 (1080p)
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/b7093401da27496797a8949de23f4578/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasrUSA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fjZSqGZ.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Masr 1 USA (1080p)
https://shls-mbc-masr-usa-prod.shahid.net/out/v1/d4fded7d5df04b88b9ea1db61d00f095/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasr2.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Qh8455q.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Masr 2 (1080p)
https://shls-masr2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/f683685242b549f48ea8a5171e3e993a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPlusDrama.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6yH88Q1.png" group-title="Arabic",MBC Plus Drama (1080p)
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicAbuDhabi.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fNA00VF.png" group-title="Documentary",National Geographic Abu Dhabi (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/NationalGeographicHDChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NoorDubai.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FP2yHkl.png" group-title="Arabic",Noor Dubai (576p)
https://dmiffthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/noordubaitv/smil:noordubaitv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTV2.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iWJxDUm.png" group-title="Arabic",Qatar TV 2 (720p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026574/qtv2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTV.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/N5RB4sp.png" group-title="Arabic",Qatar TV (360p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026573/qtv1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranRadio.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ut0kr4x.png" group-title="Arabic",Quran Radio (720p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.aloula.sa/live/quranradio
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaEgypt.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dGlKoLW.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Cinema (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-cinema-egypt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pGgp38I.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-cinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pMMUvkt.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Classic (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-classic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClip.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nhREk0o.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Clip (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-clip
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaComedy.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IlT8U6S.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Comedy (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://rotanastudios-rotanacomedy-1-eu.xiaomi.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaDrama.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/btnhPjZ.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Drama (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-drama
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKhalijia.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6HMluzv.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Khalijia (1080p)
https://shls-rotanakhalijia-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a639fd49db684f1b8c063d398101a888/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKids.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YQKf0tq.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana Kids (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://rotana.net/live-kids
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaPlusHD.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b1piasb.png" group-title="Arabic",Rotana+ (1080p)
https://shls-rotanaplus-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/1fc6103458be480b96e6a574b00fe1c0/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SamaDubai.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bF6I3N1.jpg" group-title="Arabic",Sama Dubai (1080p)
https://dmieigthvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/samadubaiht/smil:samadubai.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SamaTV.sy" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9DoOxD0.png" group-title="Arabic",Sama TV (578p) [Not 24/7]
http://142.132.224.85:1935/redirect/live/smil:mystream1.smil?scheme=m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiaRadio.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CvrR7wW.png" group-title="Arabic",Saudia Radio (720p)
http://free.fullspeed.tv/iptv-query?streaming-ip=https://www.aloula.sa/live/saudiaradio
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBC.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9JSQglj.png" group-title="Arabic",SBC (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IaRaabJ.jpg" group-title="Sports",Sharjah Sports TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahTV.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tq5Aj9i.png" group-title="Arabic",Sharjah TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc1live/smc1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SpacetoonArabic.ae" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/2b/Spacetoon_logo.png" group-title="Arabic",Spacetoon (1080p)
https://shls-spacetoon-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/6240b773a3f34cca95d119f9e76aec02/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/agc0IZF.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://af.ayassport.ir/hls2/ssc1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleedExtra.sa" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/Saudi_Sports_Company_logo_20210721.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC Action Waleed Extra (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://d2x08mwxhmpplo.cloudfront.net/out/v1/587631773e55495a8aa3dd4050318f6e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SudanTV.sd" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ouF6sCH.png" group-title="Arabic",Sudan TV (720p)
https://castor.streamthatvideo.co:8081/sudantv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tamazight.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RuxiIGY.png" group-title="Arabic",Tamazight (360p)
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/tamazight_tv8_snrt/hls_snrt/tamazight_tv8_snrt.m3u8
https://cdn.catiacast.video/abr/ed8f807e2548db4507d2a6f4ba0c4a06/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TeleMaroc.ma" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/Logotelemaroc.jpeg" group-title="Arabic",Télé Maroc (1080p)
https://api.new.livestream.com/accounts/27130247/events/8196478/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ThikrayatTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AKa1X9d.png" group-title="Arabic",Thikrayat TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TurkmenistanSport.tm" tvg-logo="https://turkmentv.gov.tm/assets/img/live-imgs/sport.png" group-title="Sports",Türkmenistan Sport (406p) [Not 24/7]
https://alpha.tv.online.tm/hls/ch004.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Setanta Sports 1" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Setanta Sports 1
https://ucdn.beetv.kz/btv/live/hls/000004498.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Setanta Sports 2" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Setanta Sports 2
https://ucdn.beetv.kz/btv/live/hls/000004499.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Aio Sport1 " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Aio Sport1
https://af.ayas.ir/hls2/aiosport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="VarzeshTV " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",VarzeshTV
https://live.aionet.ir/hls/varzesh/varzesh_360/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bein Sport 2 En " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",BEin Sport 2 EN 
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/Bein_Sports_English_2_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bein Sport 1 En " tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",BEin Sport 1 EN
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/Bein_Sports_English_1_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SuperSport Premier League" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",SuperSport Premier League
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/SuperSport_Premier_League_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SuperSport Football" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",SuperSport Football
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/SuperSport_Football_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNT SPORT 1" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",TNT Sport 1
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/TNT_Sports_1_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sky Sport Football" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/Setanta_Sports_logo.svg/1024px-Setanta_Sports_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sport",Sky Sport Football
https://live-tv.starcdnup.com/Sky_Sports_Football_Live_TV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WatanTV.eg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pZyKaUH.png" group-title="Arabic",Watan TV (1080p)
https://cdg8.edge.technocdn.com/watantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Watania1.tn" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wMoxANe.png" group-title="Arabic",Watania 1 (720p)
https://hls.youtb.workers.dev/channel/UCdvWVsmQBROkgcGzVep73oA.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Watania2.tn" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TL6Kjij.png" group-title="Arabic",Watania 2 (576p)
http://live.watania2.tn:1935/live/watanya2.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Yas.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bvAAXLW.png" group-title="Sports",Yas (1080p)
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/yastv/smil:yastv.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZeeAflam.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nUmsyGt.png" group-title="Arabic",Zee Aflam (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_aflam/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZeeAlwan.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBL7YrC.png" group-title="Arabic",Zee Alwan (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_alwan/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Rambo1 " tvg-logo="https://www.faselhd.express/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/first_blood_ver2-400x600.jpg" group-title="Vod",First Blood
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/GrjNZDRn5weY9Ccg9O37Sg/1704687384/normal/0/79.139.39.99/no/319c51c60cebd883ca1c569d513a22a3/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IP MAN " tvg-logo="src="https://web1.faselhd-watch.buzz/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/ab7199466d390a251dacf81553f57172.jpg"" group-title="VOD",فيلم-roundup-no-way-2023-مترجم
https://r900--3k3qbmcz.c.scdns.io/stream/v1/hls/NiHG40Gpa7WVGW_pD-ogMQ/1702741598/all/all/176.9.113.53/no/DE/0/03-02/4/e23d5385d6a575b91b1b855418591069/160_hd1080b_playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="kase3" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 1 |حــارش ووارش| ناشع
https://dai.ly/x2y1lzr
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 2 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qxwad 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 3 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qxwae
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 4 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 5 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 6 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7r1m83
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 7 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 8 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdx
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26"الحلقة 9 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqe0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 10 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7qzqdz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 11 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7r1m82
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 12 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7w8ubu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 13 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 14 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcm1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 15 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcm7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 16 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wdcmc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 17 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdqm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 18 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdqr
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 19 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdqb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 20 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0er
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 21 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7whdq7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 22 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0ez
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 23 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0f4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 24 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wi0fw
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 25 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuwk
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 26 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuwv
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 27 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuwn
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 28 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wiuxc
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 29 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wjqbc
#ETINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://admango.cdn.mangomolo.com/analytics/uploads/164/at_612da88b59.jpg" group-title="حارش ووارش الحلقة 26",الحلقة 30 |حــارش ووارش| 
https://dai.ly/x7wjqag
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://z.ifushaar.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Shanghai-Noon-2000.jpg" group-title="|Movies|", فيلم Shanghai Noon 2010 مترجم" 
https://aflam-cdn-cash-18-tgb.dialymotion.online/yh5cazrjpxikjnl75zqkr3d3u266z3rigkcrwbzs3woqfs2de7j2cvwm3fnq/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://z.ifushaar.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Drunken-Master-1978-tt80179-11230.jpg" group-title="|Movies|, " فيلم Shanghai Noon 2001 مترجم"
https://aflam-cdn-cash-17-dui.dialymotion.online/yh5cgcakpxikjnl75zq2r33rwkragkwctbogovndtnopnxuev7bln5gdy7za/v.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://shorturl.at/lmoTV" group-title="|Movies|", فيلم Badland Hunters 2024 مترجم اون لاين
https://dayt-fer-o9.gamescdn.online:183/d/32nnnu3hmi3hdr7ek4kobpq7ucsufds2asy56zwdbqmif4nnonz67tdmugf4hws326vqvuhv/video.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="
https://web1.faselhd-watch.shop/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/MV5BODQyMjMwNTMtMjA4YS00MGI4LTkxOWItZWI1YTViNmE5ZWUwXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTQwODg1NTU3._V1_SX300.jpg" group-title="|Movies|",  فيلم The Roundup 2022
https://master.c.scdns.io/stream/v2/tmKcfnOmzUibpuRWDTKF9A/1710218646/normal/0/79.139.37.148/no/1b54b2f268a6d2a2a9cbfe7724de7340/web1.faselhd-watch.shop/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://shorturl.at/prtX0" group-title="|Movies|",  فيلم The Roundup: No Way Out 2023 مترجم 
https://dai.ly/x8mosr2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ASpor.tr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZhkZzLf.png" group-title="Sports",A Spor (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://ythls.armelin.one/channel/UCJElRTCNEmLemgirqvsW63Q.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6BVWk8z.png" group-title="Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4rVm3oZ.png" group-title="Sports",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 (1080p)
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AntenaSport.ro" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PThJPu2.png" group-title="Sports",AntenaSport (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream1.antenaplay.ro/as/asrolive1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ArenaSport3.ba" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3r3burN.png" group-title="Sports",Arena Sport 3 BA (1080p)
http://94.250.2.6:7374/play/a02o/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Arryadia.ma" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XjzK3gZ.png" group-title="Sports",Arryadia (360p) [Not 24/7]
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/arriadia/hls_snrt/arriadia.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports1.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBpLsbC.png" group-title="Sports",Bahrain Sports 1 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:sportsone_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BahrainSports2.bh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZkuZmIo.png" group-title="Sports",Bahrain Sports 2 (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://5c7b683162943.streamlock.net/live/ngrp:bahrainsportstwo_all/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSPORTSXTRA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/uJosqHh.png" group-title="Sports",BeIN SPORTS XTRA (720p)
https://lnc-bein.tubi.video/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSPORTSXTRAenEspanol.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/V562tpO.png" group-title="Sports",BeIN SPORTS XTRA En Espanol (720p)
https://lnc-bein-espanol.tubi.video/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/H2TTn7t.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Racing 2 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Vg4fxmc.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Racing 3 (1080p)
https://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BpcV8jS.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Racing (1080p)
https://dmisvthvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/events/smil:events.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports1.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Poxw8lG.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Sports 1 (1080p)
https://dmitnthfr.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports2.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PMJ7Zmo.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Sports 2 (720p)
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports3.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U0A8Gex.png" group-title="Sports",Dubai Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ERTSports1.gr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EsczO2H.png" group-title="Sports",ERT Sports 1 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://cbd537474fbad4634b64787657ff6456.msvdn.net/sports1/ert_sports1_main/mainabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ERTSports2.gr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b2SNQPi.png" group-title="Sports",ERT Sports 2 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://cbd537474fbad4634b64787657ff6456.msvdn.net/sports2/ert_sports2_main/mainabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Esport3.es" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tkjUFzb.png" group-title="Sports",Esport3 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://directes-tv-cat.ccma.cat/live-origin/esport3-hls/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HardKnocks.ca" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nt9B6jx.png" group-title="Sports",Hard Knocks (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://d3uyzhwvmemdyf.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/HardKnocks-SportsTribal/121.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IdmanTV.az" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fM9FOrZ.png" group-title="Sports" user-agent="ExoPlayer2/2.37",Idman
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=ExoPlayer2/2.37
https://edge02.odtv.az/o7/idman/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS1.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/vEpjLnj.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 1 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs18
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS2.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/g1GLVH2.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 2 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs19
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS3.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xdI361E.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 3 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs21
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JSPORTS4.jp" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fBcyZNL.png" group-title="Sports",J Sports 4 (544p)
http://cdns.jp-primehome.com:8000/zhongying/live/playlist.m3u8?cid=bs22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JOJSport.sk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KirqaU4.png" group-title="Sports",JOJ Šport (1080p)
https://st01-2.iptv.joj.sk/110-tv-pc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JordanSport.jo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/2EmrZPQ.png" group-title="Sports",Jordan Sport (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://jrtv-live.ercdn.net/jordansporthd/jordansporthd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LaRedondaTV.ec" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/a5SxXvJ.jpg" group-title="Sports",La Redonda TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://ythls.armelin.one/channel/UCG_S--F4wcdre2-8PG9YlhA.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="M4Sport.hu" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TQ4uJZk.png" group-title="Sports",M4 Sport (1080p)
http://146.59.85.40:89/m4hd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNetSport.mk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7k8ar1Z.png" group-title="Sports",M-Net Sport (720p)
http://ares.mnet.mk/hls/mnet-sport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MadeinBOTV.it" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/47X44DD.png" group-title="Sports",MadeinBO TV (1080p)
https://srvx1.selftv.video/dmchannel/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Match4.hu" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hzexBLX.png" group-title="Sports",Match4
http://194.76.186.33:8000/play/a04d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MAVTV.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4fqvwEk.png" group-title="Sports",MavTV Global
https://mavtv-mavtvglobal-1-be.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MUTV.uk" tvg-logo="https://d2n0069hmnqmmx.cloudfront.net/epgdata/1.0/newchanlogos/512/512/skychb1834.png" group-title="Sports",MUTV (720p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/r2d2c4ca5bf57456fb1d16255c1a535c8/eu-west-1/6058004203001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NBATV.us" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/d2/NBA_TV.svg/512px-NBA_TV.svg.png" group-title="Sports",NBA TV (720p)
http://line.gofast-tv.me/play/live.php?extension=ts&mac=00:1A:79:6F:5A:5D&stream=749756
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NTVSpor.tr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5pvsIsL.png" group-title="Sports",NTV Spor
http://46.4.193.238:8484/hls/ntvspor/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="OmanSportsTV.om" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1omi7p8.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",Oman Sports TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://partneta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/omsport/smil:omsport.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="OvacionTV.pe" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7Xndgxk.png" group-title="Sports",Ovacion TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://cdn2.ujjina.com:1935/iptvovacion1/liveovacion1tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Pac12Insider.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/736QREy.png" group-title="Sports",Pac 12 Insider (1080p)
https://pac12-roku-us.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PBRRidePass.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gUxH97E.png" group-title="Sports",PBR RidePass [Geo-blocked]
https://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/60d39387706fe50007fda8e8/master.m3u8?already_redirected=true&appVersion=0&deviceDNT=0&deviceId=0&deviceMake=0&deviceModel=0&deviceType=0&deviceVersion=0&sid=62f4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PersianaSports.fr" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/q1XfMN9/Persiana-Sports.png" group-title="Sports",Persiana Sports (720p)
https://af.ayas.ir/hls2/persiana.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVActionSports.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fmyakPG.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Action Sports (720p)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5db867744f229f0009266784/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVExtreme.fr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b1xrzns.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Extrême (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f8ed327f9e9b0000761141e/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fight.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bBv4p5K.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Fight (720p)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5ad9bda9fd87eb3a2717cce0/master.m3u8?advertisingId=&appName=web&appStoreUrl=&appVersion=DNT&app_name=&architecture=&buildVersion=&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=5ad9bda9fd87eb3a2717cce0&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&deviceType=web&deviceVersion=DNT&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=DE&serverSideAds=false&sid=5c2fb668-242f-4e7f-a025-087099fd0aca&terminate=false&userId=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVGloryKickboxing.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tS7Ub7i.png" group-title="Sports",Pluto TV Glory Kickboxing (720p)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5ad9be1be738977e2c312134/master.m3u8?advertisingId=&appName=web&appStoreUrl=&appVersion=DNT&app_name=&architecture=&buildVersion=&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=5ad9be1be738977e2c312134&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&deviceType=web&deviceVersion=DNT&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=DE&serverSideAds=false&sid=f6e88030-d7c8-47c8-8fed-7e24dd0a038a&terminate=false&userId=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RealMadridTV.es" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5pMo7dL.png" group-title="Sports",Real Madrid
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=1545
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RealitateaSportiva.ro" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BaEyZto.png" group-title="Sports",Realitatea Sportivă (720p)
https://streamx.realitatea.net/realitatea/sportiva_md/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IaRaabJ.jpg" group-title="Sports",Sharjah Sports TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SKITV.ch" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S6qgwLG.png" group-title="Sports",Ski TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://d2xeo83q8fcni6.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/SkiTV-SynapseTV/193.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyRacing1.au" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hf0EiaW.png" group-title="Sports",Sky Racing 1 (720p) [Geo-blocked]
https://skylivetab-new.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038780/sky1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyRacing2.au" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TxQvFnQ.png" group-title="Sports",Sky Racing 2 (720p) [Geo-blocked]
https://skylivetab-new.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038781/sky2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyThoroughbredCentral.au" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1SxIsnw.png" group-title="Sports",Sky Thoroughbred Central (720p) [Geo-blocked]
https://skylivetab-new.akamaized.net/hls/live/2038782/stcsd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SonySportsTen5.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/40BbQUd.png" group-title="Sports" user-agent="stream",Sony Six HD (1080p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=stream
http://103.81.104.118/hls/stream10.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SonySportsTen1.in" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hWo7Ba4.png" group-title="Sports",Sony Sports Ten 1 (1080p)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/wG75n5U8RrOKiFzaWObXbA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSC1HD.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dM7GQXG.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC 1 (720p)
http://5.62.130.10/auth/_BOCH35dvlbnZGpTddQlTaziNRI4_-dYTQAGcmR-2q_B8mW5dhC0rw1dwP6glXokwO-gKTb4tzmes3_kq33GjRWHO_gUXD7F0cQ6KAL1GDy4uwdfLUThJXxHcoorxTAuaSRNGSTzT3x8JIKZByi97g2sRgCoYUiKcOqEaANdlz_GkRrSOm1Da0_GapsjB22Fp3v6WT7-_Li33cho7DSSisPPMcMaLOr-LziCqvZRN3-3sI5O2D6yWD-O5GUIxu7K0HhsTzwqhYX7s-R8gWBemEGZKo1aB6gagDixPWt5gIuI-2bf19ZSF0t00ossH271f2eDL7mIbmenG6Y_BcEIL2GF9A9Z461JoVra6ukdi8njNif3Bf6izBHoOM2GwdX_tMK_yzY6-SmwD_vkFc4jvSc-NlTvdc_TdkD6F5f_SF7oZeiBq_UNnNPLYi3OU12ac6zIHscw1QHzSvi3ySAWaFQuZE7kjJ6frmQSy5J_UtXxM4K0KVSpc_GVHzr9BURwhqcDCpyzAi1UIibAcUQoOc1Ngqb4oKKGxnbilvC19auioZpPIi1fnR8bOYQRmY8GPg5V_TLEB3V2zXQaIJHrFpn-SDX5u-XlEY2CL4E-q9E
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/agc0IZF.png" group-title="Arabic Sports",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Stadium.us" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/5/53/Stadium_%28sports_network%29_logo.svg/512px-Stadium_%28sports_network%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports",Stadium (720p)
https://lnc-stadium.tubi.video/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SuperTennis.it" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/thumb/6/6a/SuperTennis_-_Logo_2016.svg/512px-SuperTennis_-_Logo_2016.svg.png" group-title="Sports",Super Tennis (1080p)
https://supertennix-l3-live1.secure.footprint.net/restreamer/supertennix_client/gpu-a-c0-16/restreamer/rtmp/hls/h24_supertennix/manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SwerveSports.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GT0Yi2T.png" group-title="Sports",Swerve Sports (1080p)
https://linear-253.frequency.stream/dist/glewedtv/253/hls/master/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TSports7.th" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Xuo2fMZ.png" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/81.0.4044.138 Safari/537.36",T Sports 7 (720p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/81.0.4044.138 Safari/537.36
https://cdn6.goprimetime.info/feed/eI5rczhSQpWBcgOtqRLNWw/chtsport/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TDMSports.mo" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AsWLf8S.png" group-title="Sports",TDM Sports Ch. 93 (720p)
https://live3.tdm.com.mo/ch4/sport_ch4.live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Teledeporte.es" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b0H5f62.png" group-title="Sports",Teledeporte (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://rtvelivestream.akamaized.net/rtvesec/tdp/tdp_main.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bein Sport HD" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NoJvlig.png" group-title="Sports", (720p)
https://unlimited6-cl.dps.live/sportinghd/sportinghd.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TNTSports.br" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/TNT_Sports_2021_logo.svg/512px-TNT_Sports_2021_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports",TNT Sports Brasil (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_01/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TRSport.it" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ELXmaqg.png" group-title="Sports",TR Sport (480p)
https://livetr.teleromagna.it/mia/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TraceSportStars.fr" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FabFP5A.png" group-title="Sports",Trace Sports Stars
https://trace-sportstars-samsungnz.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TurkmenistanSport.tm" tvg-logo="https://turkmentv.gov.tm/assets/img/live-imgs/sport.png" group-title="Sports",Türkmenistan Sport (406p) [Not 24/7]
https://alpha.tv.online.tm/hls/ch004.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2Sport1.no" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/asKHqNZ.png" group-title="Sports",TV 2 Sport 1 (720p)
https://ws31-hls-live.akamaized.net/out/u/1416253.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVMax.pa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XcrkfGh.png" group-title="Sports",TVMAX (720p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/74f665e9ff8447639d4de4b8b458d8ae/us-east-1/6058004209001/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Belarus5.by" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NJsRFud.png" group-title="Sports",Беларусь 5 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://ngtrk.dc.beltelecom.by/ngtrk/smil:belarus5.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Belarus5Internet.by" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rzPQ9Iz.png" group-title="Sports",Беларусь 5 Интернет (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://edge59.dc.beltelecom.by/ngtrk/smil:belarus5int.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BoksTV.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/R1UjyfX.png" group-title="Sports",Бокс ТВ
http://stream01.vnet.am/BoksTv/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sportivnyy.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ujS6mMo.png" group-title="Sports",Спортивный
http://moobl.ru/hls/Sportivny_hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Start.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/VBqVkno.png" group-title="Sports",Старт (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://strm.yandex.ru/kal/start/start0.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="StartTriumf.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/L9jTieL.png" group-title="Sports",СТАРТ Триумф
https://bl.webcaster.pro/media/playlist/free_fe8dc1b768a84b8b0333db826471f17e_hd/33_85479982/1080p/8666c3e935faf6ef47ffd601e8e48868/4821408969.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sport.kg" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ORCu0w0.png" group-title="Sports",УТРК Спорт (720p)
https://64e5ed58c00d4.streamlock.net/live/smil:sport.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Futbolnyy.ru" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qAse3wV.png" group-title="Sports",Футбольный
http://moobl.ru/hls/Futbolniy_hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ShandongTVSportsChannel.cn" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zX4RxvG.png" group-title="Sports",山东体育 (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
http://livealone302.iqilu.com/iqilu/typd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 30
https://dai.ly/x7wru7z
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 29
https://dai.ly/x7wrau1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 28
https://dai.ly/x7wratv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 27
https://dai.ly/x7wrasz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 26
https://dai.ly/x7wrasy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 25
https://dai.ly/x7wrasf
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 24
https://dai.ly/x7wrasd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 23
https://dai.ly/x7wrasb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 22
https://dai.ly/x7wrasa
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 21
https://dai.ly/x7wp8lp
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 20
https://dai.ly/x7wp8lg
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 19
https://dai.ly/x7wp8l0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 18
https://dai.ly/x7wp8ku
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 17
https://dai.ly/x7wp8kq
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 16
https://dai.ly/x7wmz66
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 15
https://dai.ly/x7wmz62
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 14
https://dai.ly/x7wmz5w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 13
https://dai.ly/x7wmz5u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 12
https://dai.ly/x7wmz1d
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 11
https://dai.ly/x7wmz1a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 10
https://dai.ly/x7wkl7o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 9
https://dai.ly/x7wjqd5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 8
https://dai.ly/x7wkl6f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 7
https://dai.ly/x7wkl5v
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 6
https://dai.ly/x7wkl5k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 5
https://dai.ly/x7wkl4j
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 4
https://dai.ly/x7wkl4h
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 3
https://dai.ly/x7wkl4f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 2
https://dai.ly/x7wjqd5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_072f2b36138e871f44476c2059fd07dbf4edb151c3318fd9b675802602ebfff6.jpg" group-title="|السجن|",الحلقة 1
https://dai.ly/x7wjqbw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 30
https://dai.ly/x6zg8ys
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 29
https://dai.ly/x6zg8tv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 28
https://dai.ly/x6zg8mb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 27
https://dai.ly/x6zg8hx
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 26
https://dai.ly/x6zef4h
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 25
https://dai.ly/x6zef1n
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 24
https://dai.ly/x6zeex9
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 23
https://dai.ly/x6zeevl
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 22
https://dai.ly/x6zeebo
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 21
https://dai.ly/x6z7gu1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 20
https://dai.ly/x6z6w4f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 19
https://dai.ly/x6z6vdt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 18
https://dai.ly/x6z6v9y
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 17
https://dai.ly/x6z5et0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 16
https://dai.ly/x6z5ds8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 15
https://dai.ly/x6z5dkt
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 14
https://dai.ly/x6z3dy6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 13
https://dai.ly/x6z3dgd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 12
https://dai.ly/x6z3ddk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo=https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg"" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 11
https://dai.ly/x6z3czf
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 10
https://dai.ly/x6z3cvy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 9
https://dai.ly/x6z1fs7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 8
https://dai.ly/x6z1fql
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 7
https://dai.ly/x6z1es1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 6
https://dai.ly/x6z1enw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 5
https://dai.ly/x6z1ee7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 4
https://dai.ly/x6yu68e
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 3
https://dai.ly/x6yu5dz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 2
https://dai.ly/x6yu4v2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://media0035.elcinema.com/uploads/_315x420_1585f4b22e3f729fc6f4f134afdd8fac6cad44cfe2bed59fd42553e6adcd533d.jpg" group-title="|هيل وسيل|",الحلقة 1
https://dai.ly/x7qt599

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9prltk
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة ليفربول و ارسنال الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9prltm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501668410?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تشيلسي و فولهام الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784501733946?nochat=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqcpu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqcpw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqcpu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqcpw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqcpu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqcpw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqcpu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة تولوز و باريس سان جيرمان الدوري الفرنسي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqcpw
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqc9w
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة مانشستر يونايتد و بيرنلي الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqc9u
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة توتنهام و بورنموت الدوري الانجليزي 2025/2026
https://ok.ru/videoembed/9784462412346?nochat=1&autoplay=1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqbfe
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqbfc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqbfe
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqbfc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqbfe
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqbfc
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/9pqbfe
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" tvg-name="" tvg-id=""group-title="Replay Matches", مباراة اوغسبورغ و بايرن ميونيخ الدوري الالماني 2025/2026
https://dai.ly/x9pqbfc

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbdulmajeedAbdullah.sa",Abdulmajeed Abdullah (1080p)
https://d2hng5r56zpsbw.cloudfront.net/out/v1/9c4c990f44bb4767bb46271f326dd574/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Aflam
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0044dd4b001a466c941ad77b04a574a2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Arabiya Al Hadath (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://av.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Ekhbariya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-al-ekhbaria/297b3ef1cd0633ad9cfba7473a686a06/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Ekhbariya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/al_ekhbariya/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Hadath (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-hadath/2ff87ec4c2f3ede35295a20637d9f8fd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Hadath TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Quran Al Kareem TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_quran/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Resalah (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/risala_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRiyadhRadio.sa",Al Riyadh Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksariyadhradiolive/srpksariyadhradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" group-title="Saudi",Al Saudiya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-saudi-tv/2ad66056b51fd8c1b624854623112e43/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa@SD",Al Saudiya
http://trn03.bozztv.com/gin-sauditv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiyaAlaan.sa",Al Saudiya Alaan (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-ksa-now/71ed3aa814c643306c0a8bc4fcc7d17f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSunnahAlNabawiyahTV.sa",Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_sunnah/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdHolyQuran.sa",Al-Majd Holy Quran
https://edge66.magictvbox.com/liveApple/al_majd/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkhuzamaRadio.sa",Alkhuzama Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksakhuzamaradiolive/srpkhuzama/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDiscovery.sa",Asharq Discovery (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdiscoverylive/asharqd.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDocumentary.sa",Asharq Documentary (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdocumentarylive/asharqdocumentary.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0b75ef0a49e24704a4ca023d3a82c2df/ap-south-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-asharq/10ae30c64e21402c8116a7fb1e5aa789/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNewsPortrait.sa",Asharq News Portrait (1280p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ed81ac1118414d4fa893d3a83ccec9be/eu-central-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqRadio.sa",Asharq Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqradiovlive/asharqradiov/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5d658d7e9f562.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BabAlHara.sa",Bab Al Hara (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/948c54279b594944adde578c95f1d7d1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fairuz.sa",Fairuz (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/bba3ef00b71b470fa955d93a9ca8c277/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaArabic.sa",Iqraa Arabic (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaQuran.sa",Iqraa Quran (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LBC.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",LBC (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/lbc_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MPlus.sa@SD",M+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/m-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MajidAlMohandis.sa",Majid Al Mohandis (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/8e2419c6c7494dbba478be025af490ee/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MakkahTV.sa",Makkah TV (576p)
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8122/8122/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Maraya.sa",Maraya (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/a4a39d8e92e34b0780ca602270a59512/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCGaming.sa",MBC Gaming (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8ae5c35ffc5247a58e71a5c86dd31ad6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCLoud.sa",MBC Loud (1080p)
https://d2lfa0y84k5bwn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/86dd4506a70c4d7fb35e2ab50296d9a3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvgid="MBCMasrDrama.sa",MBC Masr Drama (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/08eca926a78a41339b8010c882410307/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPlusDrama.sa",MBC+ Drama (1080p)
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MohammedAbdo.sa",Mohammed Abdo (1080p)
https://d2ow8h651gs7dx.cloudfront.net/out/v1/371fb663da604e659a2fb99bf89d92d4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesAction.sa" group-title="Saudi",Movies Action (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/46079e838e65490c8299f902a7731168/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesThriller.sa",Movies Thriller (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f6d718e841f8442f8374de47f18c93a7/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NidaeAlIslamRadio.sa",Nidae AlIslam Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksanedaradiolive/srpksanedaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PanoramaFM.sa",Panorama FM (1080p)
https://d6izdil55uftn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0a06d1d6377c47edbd48721ed724bd08/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranRadio.sa",Quran Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksaquranradiolive/srpksaquranradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RabehSaqer.sa",Rabeh Saqer (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/ea4275b6dc0840c198c17f6dc6f1ec49/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ramez.sa",Ramez (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0ef83323c0374a1187c182645db2a45f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RashidAlMajed.sa",Rashid AlMajed (1080p)
https://dphwv2ufgnfsq.cloudfront.net/out/v1/59cd80dfe93a479eb8b4d79bc6f225ca/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaAflamPlus.sa",Rotana Aflam+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/rotana-aflam-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/9527a892aeaf43019fd9eeb77ad1516e/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/cinema_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa",Rotana Classic (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0debf5648e584e5fb795c3611c5c0252/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Classic (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/classical_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClip.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Clip (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/clip_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaComedy.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Comedy (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/comedy_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaDrama.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Drama (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/drama_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaFMKSA.sa",Rotana FM KSA (720p)
rtmp://live.restream.io/pull/play_320121_94512612fd0e084bd284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKhalijia.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Khalijia (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/khaleejiya_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaMusic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Music (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/music_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiThaqafiyaTV.sa",Saudi Thaqafiya TV (1080p)
https://thaqafeyyah-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/f6851f68ada94f82ae6b64a441eb5ab1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiaRadio.sa",Saudia Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksasaudiaradiolive/srpksasaudiaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBC.sa",SBC (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-sbc/90e09c0c28db26435799b4a14892a167/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaAfricaEurope.sa@SD",Iqraa Africa & Europe (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.qa",Al Maaref (350p)
https://672a3a5c8e335.streamlock.net/AlMaaref/smil:almaareflive.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bahry.kw",Bahry (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/bahry1live/bahry1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ch4Teen.kw@SD",Ch4Teen
https://ch14.tv/live/ch4teenclip/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (1080p)
https://kwtktv1ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv1/smil:ktv1.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/kuwait_tv1/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV2.kw",KTV 2 (1080p)
https://kwtktv2ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv2/smil:ktv2.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVAlQurain.kw",KTV Al Qurain (1080p)
https://kwtktvaqta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktvaq/smil:tktvaq.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVArabe.kw",KTV Arabe (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:tktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
https://kwtethta.cdn.mangomolo.com/eth/smil:eth.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtkbta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:ktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSport.kw",KTV Sport (1080p)
https://kwtspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/sp/smil:sp.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/spl/smil:spl.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MarinaTV.kw",Marina TV (1080p)
https://ffs.gulfsat.com/Marina-TV-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiAloula.ae@SD",Abu Dhabi Aloula (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiEmirates.ae@SD",Abu Dhabi Emirates (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/EmiratesChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports1.ae",Abu Dhabi Sports 1 (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel1/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiSports2.ae",Abu Dhabi Sports 2 (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/AbuDhabiSportsChannel2/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbuDhabiTV.ae@SD",Abu Dhabi TV
http://dvrfl05.bozztv.com/gin-abudhabitv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AjmanTV.ae",Ajman TV (1080p)
https://cdn1.logichost.in/ajmantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae",Al Arabiya (1080p)
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alarabiya.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae",Al Arabiya (1080p)
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f5f319206ed740f9a831f2097c2ead23/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabiyaBusiness.ae",Al Arabiya Business (1080p)
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/aswaaq.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabiyaPrograms.ae",Al Arabiya Programs (1080p)
https://d1j4r34gq3qw9y.cloudfront.net/out/v1/96804f3a14864641a21c25e8ca9afb74/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlDafrahTV.ae",Al Dafrah TV (720p)
https://rtmp-live-ingest-eu-west-3-universe-dacast-com.akamaized.net/transmuxv1/streams/dbb8ac05-a020-784c-3a95-6ed027941532.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMashhad.ae",Al Mashhad (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/rbcb04b715757430f92099ecc84ca472f/ap-south-1/6313884884001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQamarTV.ae",Al Qamar TV (1080p)
https://streamer3.premio.link/alqamar/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlShallalTV.ae",Al Shallal TV (1080p)
https://amg01480-alshallalfze-alshallal-ono-q0hfg.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSharqiyaMinKabla.ae",Al Sharqiya Min Kabla (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/kablatvlive/kabtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlWoustaTV.ae",Al Wousta TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/alwoustalive/alwoustatv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlYaumTV.ae",Al Yaum TV (1080p)
https://iko-live.akamaized.net/AlyuamTV/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae",Alarabiya (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f5f319206ed740f9a831f2097c2ead23/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BaynounahTV.ae@SD",Baynounah TV (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/Baynounah/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNBCArabiya.ae",CNBC Arabiya (1080p)
https://cnbc-live.akamaized.net/cnbc/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiOne.ae",Dubai One (1080p)
https://dminnvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaione/smil:dubaione.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing.ae",Dubai Racing (1080p)
https://dmisdracta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/events/smil:events.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing2.ae",Dubai Racing 2 (1080p)
https://dmithrvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiRacing3.ae",Dubai Racing 3 (1080p)
https://dmithrvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaimubasher/smil:dubaimubasher.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports1.ae",Dubai Sports 1 (1080p)
https://dmidspta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports2.ae",Dubai Sports 2 (720p)
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiSports3.ae",Dubai Sports 3 (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiTV.ae",Dubai TV (1080p)
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/dubaitvht/smil:dubaitv.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DubaiZaman.ae",Dubai Zaman (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://dmiffthftl.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaizaman/smil:dubaizaman.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FujairahTV.ae",Fujairah TV (720p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/fujairahlive/fujairah.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Majid.ae@SD",Majid (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/MajidChildrenChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-1-na/eec141533c90dd34722c503a296dd0d8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC1.ae",MBC 1 (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0965e4d7deae49179172426cbfb3bc5e/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC2.ae",MBC 2 (576p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a05k
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC4.ae@SD",MBC 4 (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-4/24f134f1cd63db9346439e96b86ca6ed/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBC5.ae@SD",MBC 5 (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-5/ee6b000cee0629411b666ab26cb13e9b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCBollywood.ae@SD",MBC Bollywood (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-bollywood/546eb40d7dcf9a209255dd2496903764/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCDrama.ae",MBC Drama KSA (1080p)
https://mbc1-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/b0b3a0e6750d4408bb86d703d5feffd1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCFM.ae",MBC FM (1080p)
https://dbbv9umqcd7cs.cloudfront.net/out/v1/db15b75c3cc0400c91961468d6a232ac/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCFM.ae",MBC FM (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-fm/3f36f7db6086acf058dc51681c87f8ad/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasr.eg",MBC Masr 1 (1080p)
https://shls-masr-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/d5036cabf11e45bf9d0db410ca135c18/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPersia.ae",MBC Persia (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-mbc-persia/818ee8e4b592dc497608f066d825bfb4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPersia.ae",MBC Persia (720p)
https://hls.mbcpersia.live/hls/stream.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicAbuDhabi.ae",National Geographic Abu Dhabi (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://vo-live.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/NationalGeographicHDChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NoorDubai.ae",Noor Dubai (1080p)
https://dmiffthftl.cdn.mangomolo.com/noordubaitv/smil:noordubaitv.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NourTV.ae",Nour TV
https://cdn.bestream.io:19360/elfaro4/elfaro4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVBangla.ae",Peace TV Bangla (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvBangla/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVChinese.ae",Peace TV Chinese (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvChinese/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVEnglish.ae",Peace TV English (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvEnglish/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PeaceTVUrdu.ae",Peace TV Urdu (1080p)
https://dzkyvlfyge.erbvr.com/PeaceTvUrdu/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Pulse95Radio.ae",Pulse95 Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/pulse95live/pulse96/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SamaDubai.ae",Sama Dubai (1080p)
https://dmieigthvllta.cdn.mgmlcdn.com/samadubaiht/smil:samadubai.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Sharjah2.ae",Sharjah 2 (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc2live/smc2tv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahRadio.ae",Sharjah Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smcradiolive/smcradiolive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahRadioQuran.ae",Sharjah Radio Quran (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/smcquranlive/quranradiolive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae",Sharjah Sports (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4tv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahSports.ae@SD",Sharjah Sports (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc4sportslive/smc4.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahTV.ae",Sharjah TV (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smc1live/smc1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SharjahTV.ae",Sharjah TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/sharjah_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyNewsArabia.ae",Sky News Arabia (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream.skynewsarabia.com/ott/ott.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyNewsArabia.ae",Sky News Arabia (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream.skynewsarabia.com/hls/sna.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SkyNewsArabiaVertical.ae",Sky News Arabia (Portrait) (1280p) [Not 24/7]
https://stream.skynewsarabia.com/vertical/vertical.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SpacetoonArabic.ae",Spacetoon Arabic (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-spacetoon/d8382fb9ab4b2307058f12c7ea90db54/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Wanasah.ae",Wanasah (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-wanasah/13e82ea6232fa647c43b26e8a41f173d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WatarRadio.ae",Watar Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/smcwatarlive/smcwatar/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="YasTV.ae@SD",Yas TV (1080p)
https://vo-live-media.cdb.cdn.orange.com/Content/Channel/YASSportsChannel/HLS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicAbuDhabi.ae@HD",National Geographic Abu Dhabi HD (1080p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a05a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae@SD",Alarabiya
https://viamotionhsi.netplus.ch/live/eds/alarabiya/browser-HLS8/alarabiya.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Alarabiya.ae@SD",Alarabiya
https://viamotionhsi.netplus.ch/live/eds/alarabiya/browser-dash/alarabiya.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCAction.ae@SD",MBC Action (576p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a05l
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMaarefTV.qa",Al Maaref (350p)
https://672a3a5c8e335.streamlock.net/AlMaaref/smil:almaareflive.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.fmp4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSabah.kw",Al Sabah (720p)
https://ffs1.gulfsat.com/Al-Sabah-TV/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Bahry.kw",Bahry (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/bahry1live/bahry1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ch4Teen.kw@SD",Ch4Teen
https://ch14.tv/live/ch4teenclip/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (1080p)
https://kwtktv1ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv1/smil:ktv1.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV1.kw",KTV 1 (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/kuwait_tv1/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTV2.kw",KTV 2 (1080p)
https://kwtktv2ta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktv2/smil:ktv2.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVAlQurain.kw",KTV Al Qurain (1080p)
https://kwtktvaqta.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktvaq/smil:tktvaq.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVArabe.kw",KTV Arabe (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:tktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVEthraa.kw",KTV Ethraa (1080p)
https://kwtethta.cdn.mangomolo.com/eth/smil:eth.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtkbta.cdn.mangomolo.com/kb/smil:kb.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVNews.kw",KTV News (1080p)
https://kwtktvata.cdn.mangomolo.com/ktva/smil:ktva.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSport.kw",KTV Sport (1080p)
https://kwtspta.cdn.mangomolo.com/sp/smil:sp.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KTVSportPlus.kw",KTV Sport Plus (1080p)
https://kwtsplta.cdn.mangomolo.com/spl/smil:spl.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MarinaTV.kw",Marina TV (1080p)
https://ffs.gulfsat.com/Marina-TV-HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa@SD",Al Araby TV (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/alaraby1live/alaraby_abr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa",Al Araby TV (1080p)
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=5616
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa@SD",Al Araby TV 2 (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/alaraby2live/alaraby2.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa",Al Araby TV 2 (1080p)
https://stream.ads.ottera.tv/playlist.m3u8?network_id=5617
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aja-fa.getaj.net/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aja-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aja-fa.thehlive.com/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera (720p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/al-jazeera/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera Arabic (1080p)
https://live-hls-v3-aja.getaj.net/AJA-V3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa",Al Jazeera Arabic (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aja.getaj.net/AJA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraBalkans.ba",Al Jazeera Balkans (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajb.getaj.net/AJB/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-apps-ajd-fa.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-apps-ajd-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-web-ajd-fa.thehlive.com/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
https://live-hls-web-ajd.getaj.net/AJD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/al-jazeera-english/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aje-fa.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-aje-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-v3-aje.getaj.net/AJE-V3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aje-fa.thehlive.com/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-aje.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English
https://d1cy85syyhvqz5.cloudfront.net/v1/master/7b67fbda7ab859400a821e9aa0deda20ab7ca3d2/aljazeeraLive/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm-fa.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm-v3-fa.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm-fa.thehlive.com/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm.getaj.net/AJM/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher24.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher 24 (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm24-fa.getaj.net/AJM24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher24.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher 24 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm24-fa.getaj.net/AJM24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasher24.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher 24 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm24-fa.thehlive.com/AJM24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasherBroadcast2.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher Broadcast 2 (1080p)
https://live-hls-apps-ajm2-fa.getaj.net/AJM2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasherBroadcast2.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher Broadcast 2 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm2-fa.getaj.net/AJM2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraMubasherBroadcast2.qa",Al Jazeera Mubasher Broadcast 2 (1080p)
https://live-hls-web-ajm2-fa.thehlive.com/AJM2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanTV.qa",Al Rayyan (1080p)
https://alrayyancdn.vidgyor.com/pub-noalrayy3pwz0l/liveabr/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanOldTV.qa",Al Rayyan Al Qadeem (1080p)
https://alrayyancdn.vidgyor.com/pub-nooldraybinbdh/liveabr/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanOldTV.qa",Al Rayyan Old TV (720p)
https://streamer7.qna.org.qa/148136781_live/148136781_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRayyanTV.qa",Al Rayyan TV (720p)
https://streamer7.qna.org.qa/148136749_live/148136749_296.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa",Alaraby 2 TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby2n/smil:alaraby2n.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV2.qa",Alaraby 2 TV (1080p)
https://origin-cae-t482536.cdn.nextologies.com/63d8c759c5db83b4/25c4f89d27a79014ALA2306/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa",Alaraby TV (1080p)
https://alaraby.cdn.octivid.com/alaraby/smil:alaraby.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlArabyTV.qa",Alaraby TV (1080p)
https://origin-cae-t482536.cdn.nextologies.com/6837800d47c40cb2/1544c5accd8e84d5ALA2306/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassFive.qa",Alkass Five (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass5azq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassFour.qa",Alkass Four (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass4azq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassOne.qa",Alkass One (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass1muytrdc/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassSHOOF.qa",Alkass SHOOF (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass6Shoof1ab/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassSix.qa",Alkass Six (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass6buzay/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassThree.qa",Alkass Three (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass3vakazq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassThree.qa",Alkass Three (720p)
https://streamer2.qna.org.qa/148161470_live/148161470_296.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassTwo.qa",Alkass Two (1080p)
https://liveakgr.alkassdigital.net/hls/live/2097037/Alkass2hefazq/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkassTwo.qa",Alkass Two (720p)
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133202_live/148133202_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision.qa",Qatar Television (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/qtv1live/qtv1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision.qa",Qatar Television (720p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026573/qtv1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision.qa",Qatar Television (720p)
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133273_live/148133273_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision2.qa",Qatar Television 2 (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/qtv2live/qtv2.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision2.qa",Qatar Television 2 (720p)
https://qatartv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2026574/qtv2/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QatarTelevision2.qa",Qatar Television 2 (720p)
https://streamer1.qna.org.qa/148133344_live/148133344_63.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeera.qa@English",Al Jazeera English
https://viamotionhsi.netplus.ch/live/eds/aljazeera/browser-HLS8/aljazeera.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraDocumentary.qa@HD",Al Jazeera Documentary (1080p)
http://213.57.91.138:8000/play/a06h

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AbdulmajeedAbdullah.sa",Abdulmajeed Abdullah (1080p)
https://d2hng5r56zpsbw.cloudfront.net/out/v1/9c4c990f44bb4767bb46271f326dd574/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Aflam.sa",Aflam (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0044dd4b001a466c941ad77b04a574a2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa",Al Arabiya Al Hadath (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://av.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa",Al Ekhbariya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-al-ekhbaria/297b3ef1cd0633ad9cfba7473a686a06/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa",Al Ekhbariya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/al_ekhbariya/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa@SD",Al Hadath (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-hadath/2ff87ec4c2f3ede35295a20637d9f8fd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlHadath.sa",Al Hadath TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.alarabiya.net/alarabiapublish/alhadath.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareemTV.sa",Al Quran Al Kareem TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_quran/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlResalah.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Al Resalah (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/risala_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlRiyadhRadio.sa",Al Riyadh Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksariyadhradiolive/srpksariyadhradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-saudi-tv/2ad66056b51fd8c1b624854623112e43/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa",Al Saudiya (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_tv/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa@SD",Al Saudiya
http://trn03.bozztv.com/gin-sauditv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSaudiyaAlaan.sa",Al Saudiya Alaan (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-ksa-now/71ed3aa814c643306c0a8bc4fcc7d17f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlSunnahAlNabawiyahTV.sa",Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah TV (360p)
https://cdn-globecast.akamaized.net/live/eds/saudi_sunnah/hls_roku/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlMajdHolyQuran.sa",Al-Majd Holy Quran
https://edge66.magictvbox.com/liveApple/al_majd/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlkhuzamaRadio.sa",Alkhuzama Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksakhuzamaradiolive/srpkhuzama/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDiscovery.sa",Asharq Discovery (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdiscoverylive/asharqd.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqDocumentary.sa",Asharq Documentary (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqdocumentarylive/asharqdocumentary.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0b75ef0a49e24704a4ca023d3a82c2df/ap-south-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-asharq/10ae30c64e21402c8116a7fb1e5aa789/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNews.sa",Asharq News (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/bloomberarlive/bloomberg.smil/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqNewsPortrait.sa",Asharq News Portrait (1280p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/ed81ac1118414d4fa893d3a83ccec9be/eu-central-1/6203311941001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsharqRadio.sa",Asharq Radio (1080p)
https://svs.itworkscdn.net/asharqradiovlive/asharqradiov/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5aafcc5de91f1.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AtfalMawahebTV.sa",Atfal & Mawaheb TV (1080p)
https://5d658d7e9f562.streamlock.net/atfal1.com/atfal2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BabAlHara.sa",Bab Al Hara (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/948c54279b594944adde578c95f1d7d1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Fairuz.sa",Fairuz (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/bba3ef00b71b470fa955d93a9ca8c277/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaArabic.sa",Iqraa Arabic (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaQuran.sa",Iqraa Quran (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LBC.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",LBC (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/lbc_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MPlus.sa@SD",M+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/m-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MajidAlMohandis.sa",Majid Al Mohandis (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/8e2419c6c7494dbba478be025af490ee/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MakkahTV.sa",Makkah TV (576p)
https://media2.streambrBEIN SPORT.com:1936/8122/8122/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Maraya.sa",Maraya (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/a4a39d8e92e34b0780ca602270a59512/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCGaming.sa",MBC Gaming (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/8ae5c35ffc5247a58e71a5c86dd31ad6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCLoud.sa",MBC Loud (1080p)
https://d2lfa0y84k5bwn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/86dd4506a70c4d7fb35e2ab50296d9a3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCMasrDrama.sa",MBC Masr Drama (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/08eca926a78a41339b8010c882410307/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MBCPlusDrama.sa",MBC+ Drama (1080p)
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MohammedAbdo.sa",Mohammed Abdo (1080p)
https://d2ow8h651gs7dx.cloudfront.net/out/v1/371fb663da604e659a2fb99bf89d92d4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesAction.sa",Movies Action (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/46079e838e65490c8299f902a7731168/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MoviesThriller.sa",Movies Thriller (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/f6d718e841f8442f8374de47f18c93a7/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NidaeAlIslamRadio.sa",Nidae AlIslam Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksanedaradiolive/srpksanedaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PanoramaFM.sa",Panorama FM (1080p)
https://d6izdil55uftn.cloudfront.net/out/v1/0a06d1d6377c47edbd48721ed724bd08/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranRadio.sa",Quran Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksaquranradiolive/srpksaquranradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RabehSaqer.sa",Rabeh Saqer (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/ea4275b6dc0840c198c17f6dc6f1ec49/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ramez.sa",Ramez (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/0ef83323c0374a1187c182645db2a45f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RashidAlMajed.sa",Rashid AlMajed (1080p)
https://dphwv2ufgnfsq.cloudfront.net/out/v1/59cd80dfe93a479eb8b4d79bc6f225ca/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaAflamPlus.sa",Rotana Aflam+ (1080p)
https://d35j504z0x2vu2.cloudfront.net/v1/master/0bc8e8376bd8417a1b6761138aa41c26c7309312/rotana-aflam-plus/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/9527a892aeaf43019fd9eeb77ad1516e/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Cinema KSA (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/cinema_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa",Rotana Classic (1080p)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0debf5648e584e5fb795c3611c5c0252/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Classic (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/classical_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaClip.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Clip (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/clip_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaComedy.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Comedy (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/comedy_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaDrama.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Drama (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/drama_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaFMKSA.sa",Rotana FM KSA (720p)
rtmp://live.restream.io/pull/play_320121_94512612fd0e084bd284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaKhalijia.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Khalijia (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/khaleejiya_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RotanaMusic.sa" http-referrer="https://rotana.net/",Rotana Music (1080p) [Geo-blocked]
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rotana.net/
https://rotana.hibridcdn.net/rotananet/music_net-7Y83PP5adWixDF93/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiThaqafiyaTV.sa",Saudi Thaqafiya TV (1080p)
https://thaqafeyyah-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/f6851f68ada94f82ae6b64a441eb5ab1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SaudiaRadio.sa",Saudia Radio (1080p)
https://live.kwikmotion.com/sbrksasaudiaradiolive/srpksasaudiaradio/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SBC.sa",SBC (1080p)
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-sbc/90e09c0c28db26435799b4a14892a167/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SSCActionWaleed.sa",SSC Action Waleed (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://shls-live-event2-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/0456ede1a39145d98b3d8c8062ddc998/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-enc.edgenextcdn.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Tarab.sa",Tarab (1080p)
https://shls-live-mood-ak.akamaized.net/out/v1/90143f040feb40589d18c57863d9e829/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IqraaAfricaEurope.sa@SD",Iqraa Africa & Europe (1080p)
https://playlist.fasttvcdn.com/pl/dlkqw1ftuvuuzkcb4pxdcg/Iqraafasttv1/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="Al Saudiya" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GRQTndk.png" tvg-id="AlSaudiya.sa" group-title="Saudi",Al Saudiya
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-saudi-tv/2ad66056b51fd8c1b624854623112e43/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="SBC SAUDI" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9JSQglj.png" tvg-id="SBC.sa" group-title="Saudi",SBC SAUDI
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-sbc/90e09c0c28db26435799b4a14892a167/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="Al Ekhbariya" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WcRlHQm.png" tvg-id="AlEkhbariya.sa" group-title="Saudi",Al Ekhbariya
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-al-ekhbaria/297b3ef1cd0633ad9cfba7473a686a06/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="Al Saudiya Alaan" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sEOjApe.png" tvg-id="AlSaudiyaAlaan.sa" group-title="Saudi",Al Saudiya Alaan
https://shd-gcp-live.edgenextcdn.net/live/bitmovin-ksa-now/71ed3aa814c643306c0a8bc4fcc7d17f/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="Al Quran Al Kareem TV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/A2fJysM.png" tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareemTV.sa" group-title="Saudi",Al Quran Al Kareem TV
https://al-ekhbaria-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/9885cab0a3ec4008b53bae57a27ca76b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="Rotana Cinema KSA" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pGgp38I.png" tvg-id="RotanaCinemaKSA.sa" group-title="Saudi",Rotana Cinema KSA
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/9527a892aeaf43019fd9eeb77ad1516e/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="Rotana Classic" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pMMUvkt.png" tvg-id="RotanaClassic.sa" group-title="Saudi",Rotana Classic
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/0debf5648e584e5fb795c3611c5c0252/eu-central-1/6057955906001/playlist.m3u8
